THE EGYPTIAN GAZZETTE, APRIL 27, 1905
LOCAL AND GENERAL
CENTENARY.—A committee of native NOUTABLES has been formed at Alexandria to celebrate the centenary of Mohamad Aly.

A Cricket Match, A.C.C.v. a team from the R. Berks. Regt. will be played on the A.C.C. ground on Saturday next.

Gatti's Circus.— We are asked to remind our readers of the special circus performance to be given at the Alhambra this afternoon for the British colony.

Popular University.— M. Canivet will give a lecture at the university on Saturday at  9.14 p.m, on "L'Amour dans le Code et les Reformes de M. Paul Hervieu".

Railway Timetable. — A great desideratum, ih the shape of a handy little pocket
time-table, has been issued by the State Railways Administration.

Suez Canal Souvenir.— Mme. de Lessepa has presented a historic souvenir to the Louvre Museum in the shape of a silver cup, given by the Empress Eugenie to the late M. Ferdinand de Lesseps on November 17, 1869, on the occasion of the opening of the Suez Canal.

An Unwelcome Passenger. — The secret police at Alexandria yesterday arrested a European who was expelled from Egypt only a week ago. He had come back by the same steamer as he left with! He will be again repatriated this afternoon.

Suez Canal.— On the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th inst. 43 vessels passed through the Canal, 25 of which were British, 7 German, 2 Austrian, 1 Dutch, 2 French, 1 Portuguese, 2 Italian, l Russian, 2 Turkish. The receipts for the three days were frs. 1,118,177.31, making the total from the 1st inst. frs. 8,254,978.71.

Concert at Suez.—Our Suez correspondent writes:— On Tuesday evening a most successful concert was given at the Cercle International du Canal de Suez at Port Tewfik by an amateur orchestra, consisting of 24 ladies and gentlemen, in and of the Croix Rouge Franchise, under the able management of Mr. Le Dentu, chief engineer f the Suez Canal Company. The two sougs,"Serenata" by Mascagni, and Tosti’s "La mia Canzone," sung by Mlle C. Deperais, accompanied by Miss P. Paleologos, were successfully rendered and heartily applauded. The various selections given by the amateur orchestra, which consisted of Mme Dumont, Mlles Deperais, Paleologos, Tessere, Bovy, and Messrs Le Dentu, Deperais, Altemer, Gredy, Dr. Vay, Leschiche, Rene Gerin, Avon, de Franchis, Goutier, Gianelli, Catalisani, Laterla, Zignara, Teissere, Ugo Catalisani and Mula, were remarkably well played and applauded. The piece, “La Marche a l’Etoile," aided by a chorus of several ladies, and Mr. Rose, concluded a delightful evening. Shortly after, dancing commenced, and was kept up to 3 a.m., when a special train was placed at the disposal of the Suez guests.

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.
We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions expressed by our correspondents, but we wish, in a spirit of fair pia to all, to permit- free discussion.
“THE HOLY CITY.”
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Dear Mr. Editor,- I and many others were very surprised to read your scanty report on the rendering of Gaul's “Holy City” in St. Mark's Church on Tuesday last. For the past six weeks you have continually mentioned in your columns the progress the choir were making in their practices and in your report no mention whatever is made of Gaul's beautiful music or the way it was rendered, which naturally leads your readers, who were prevented from attending, to conclude the musical part was a fiasco, whereas I am told on good authority it was a success. Surely in Alexandria there could be found one with sufficient musical knowledge to write a fair criticism on such a cantata. I enclose my card and remain, Yours faithfully,
"Harmony."

Alexandria, 27th ApriL
[In reply to our correspondent, we may state that lack of space alone prevents us from publishing the criticism, which was prepared for to-day’s issue. It will, however, appear to-morrow. — Ed. EG.]

ALL SAINTS’ CHURCH, RAMLEH.
The Choir of St. Mark's Church, Alexandria, have kindly consented to give a rendering of the sacred cantata, “The Holy City” (composer, A.R.- Gaul), at a service to be held at All. Saints’ Church, Ramleh, on Tuesday, 2nd May, at 6.30 p.m.
The proceeds of the collection will be devoted to the provision of Church music.
Algernon Ward, Chaplain.
27 April 1905.	25852-1

ENGLISH PENSION, ITALIAN RIVIEBA
Tks tat hallway Room bvtwtra Ipyt aed Xnftasd I* V1AMXOOIO. uu FISA.
kne In* tisiMH* Mtf. FtM wood*, Sand*. $m bathut and Cliwau, Xaauah Praaloa. Villa Sh*U«r. Kwj ho* uailut. k«un Urlx Nsdara maitanaa, Roaaj upwt, class to aaa aad fardasa.
mawii	F>mw»mw, inun idvm.

THE MAHMAL ATTACKED.
ANOTHER AFFRAY WITH BEDOUIN
CASUALTIES ON BOTH SIDES.
Despatches received from Tor this morning announce the arrival of the whole of the caravan accompanying the Mahmal at Yambo on the afternoon of the 23rd inst.
The despatches also report that on the 18th inst, a severe engagement took place, the caravan being heavily attacked by Bedouins while on the march. The enemy, who were repulsed, lost 36 killed, 60 wounded, and 10 missing.
The Mahmal's escort had four soldiers killed and 22 wounded. Three pilgrims were killed and 14 wounded, but most of the wounds are reported to be very slight. The S.S. “Mariout’’ and “Missir," with 1,373 pilgrims who accompanied the Mahmal, arrived at Tor this morning, having left Yambo on the 24th inst. The S.S. “Rahmanieh" and the "Neghileh, with the Mahmal and the troops composing the escort, as well as the remainder of the pilgrims, left Yambo on the 25th and are expected to arrive at Tor this evening or tomorrow morning.

THE KHEDIVE.
The Khedive gave audience this morning to Lord Milner and Sir Will Garstin.
This afternoon his Highness will give audience to M. de la Bouliniere, who will present Count de Chaffault, Consul suppleant, and M. Jouomin and four other members of the French scientific mission to the Persian Gulf.
The Alexandria Gouvernorat has issued invitations to State officials and native and European notabilities, to be present at the arrival of his Highness at Moharrem Bey station on Thursday next at 11.30 a.m.

THE SALE OF ARMS.
The Council of Ministers this morning promulgated the decree regulating the sale of arms by Europeans, which will come into operation in a fortnight’s time.
These regulations have already been agreed to by the Powers who had concluded a commercial convention with Egypt. In future no European will be allowed to sell arms without authorisation from the Government.

MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR.
Our Shebin el-Kom Correspondent writes under date of yesterday:- Mr. Machell, Adviser to the Ministry of the Interior, arrived here on his launch yesterday evening. This morning he paid a visit to the Moudirieh, where he made a thorough inspection as usual. He left again this afternoon for Cairo, after expressing his satisfaction with all he had seen.

THE CONGO PIGMIES.
English people may yet have an opportunity of seeing the interesting figures which Colonel Harrison has brought from the African interior to Cairo.
As an objection could hardly be taken at present that the pigmies come under the description of “undesirable aliens," a London representative of the “Pall Mall Gazette” has made special inquiries into the matter, and finds that Lord Lansdowne has been moved to take action solely in the interest of the forest folk themselves.
It would appear that when it was first announced that the pigmies were to go to England, several letters were received at the Foreign Office, urging that permission should not be granted tor their removal from Cairo, as it was believed that the severity of the English climate would have an exceedingly bad effect upon them, if, indeed, it did not kill them outright. Lord Lansdowne, moved by the most humane motive, consequently gave orders that the pigmies should be specially examined by the doctors, and even if they were found fit and strong enough to stand the voyage and climate of England, that they should on no account be moved unless they showed perfect willingness to make the journey.
This, at present, is as far as the matter has gone, but a definite decision on the question of the English visit may be expected within the next few days.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
The Ellerman S.S. "Anatolia" sailed hence yesterday evening for Liverpool direct with a full cargo, including 1,419 bales of cotton and 22,781 bags of onions.

PASSENGER LISTS.
Arrivals.
Per P. & O.S.S. "Osiris,” arrived yesterday, from Brindisi to Port Said:—
Mr. Davis, Mr. F. Deutsch, Mr. and Mr. Summers, Mr. A. Fistringer, Mme. Hage meister.

PAPAYANNI LINE.
The "City of Cambridge,” 3,844 tons, will sail for Liverpool on or about the 6th May and will he followed by the "City of Oxford,” 4,019 tons, on or about the 10th May. Both ships have excellent first-class accommodation amidships and are fitted throughout with electric light. Fare £14 single and £24 return. Special terms for officers of the Army of Occupation and Government officials.
For further particulars apply to the Agents, Barker & Co., Alexandria
825824-6A 4 

THE COTTON WORM SCARE.
APPEARANCE AT ABOUKIR.
Cotton worm has appeared on some land of the Aboukir Company, near Kharaba Station. The attack, meantime, is not serious, but precautions are being taken to combat it at an early date like this resowing is possible although the crop is naturally later in ripening and runs risk from early rains and cold.

The following is the text of the note submitted to the authorities by the entomologist of the Khedivial Agricultural Society, on the worm found in the roots of the young cotton, on the Kasr El Aly estate, Itai el Barud, on the 21st inst:—
The worm recently submitted to me for examination, with the infomation that they were causing serious damage to the young cotton at Itai El-Barud, is not the true cotton worn, i.e., the larva of the moth “Prodenia littoralis” but the so-called bersim worm, the larva of a Noctuid moth, known as "Agrotis Ypsilan." The latter is a widely distributed species. In America, where it is an important pest, it is known as the "greasy cutworm."
Our knowledge of the life-history of this moth in Egypt is somewhat scanty and uncertain; however, what is known about it, I give you below. The female moth lays her eggs at the roots of the young bersim about the middle of October. In the course these eggs give rise to the larva which at first remain on the plant continuously, feeding on the leaves; but in a few days they develop typical cutworn habits, remaining below the surface of the soil during the day and only coming above ground at night; they then cut off the plants at or just below the ground level, devouring the cut portion and also taking a supply down into their burrow's to eat daring the day; on reaching maturity the worms form a cell below' ground and pupate. The moths appear about eleven days later.
Eggs are again laid daring the latter half of January and in February at the roots of the bersim. The worms which arise from these eggs feed as before, and, on maturing, pupate. The moths appear about a fortnight later aud give rise to another brood of worms in April. The worms recently sent evidently belong to this April generation. The eggs were laid at the base of the young cotton plants.
With regard to treatment, the best thing that can be done under the circumstances is to thoroughly fass, carefully handpick the worms, and re-sow. If bersim in close proximity to cotton is found to be attacked, it would be a good thing to cut or feed off the crop and heavily irrigate. The bersim should be isolated by keeping the ditches full, in order to prevent any migration taking place from it to the cotton.

SHIP ON FIRE IN THE CANAL.
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Tuesday.
This morning at dawn the S.S. "Candleshoe" arrived from the Canal having reported by wire from Station K. 64 the existence of a fire amongst the cargo in her No. 2 hold.
On her arrival she was placed in the petroleum basin, which is situated some 2 kilometres from the town, and the necessary fire-extinguishing plant sent alongside. Throughout the day efforts were made to put the fire out by means of small quantities of water and other similar methods, with the idea of doing as little damage to the rest of the cargo as possible; but by 3 p.m. the fire had obtained such a hold that it was deemed neoessary, in order to save the ship, to flood the hold. The big fire float of the Canal Co., "Le Progres,” was already alongside, and she by means of her powerful pumps, had by 5.30 p.m. completely flooded the 'tween decks, in which it was found the fire had done most damage.
By sundown, gangs of Arabs were at work discharging the cargo, and the ship’s main pumps were at work pumping out the water.

EGYPTIAN INVESTMENT & AGENCY.
The statement, recently made by the “Phare d’Alexandrie,” to the effect that the Egyptian Investment and Agency, Limited, was about to increase its capital, is not officially confirmed. As this company has still three-quarters of its capital yet to call up, there is very little likelihood of an increase of capital being required in the near future.
Mr. R.C. Abdy is returning from London in about a month.

BULLETIN DE LA BOURSE (Auvurdkui d midi et demis)
A l’oocasion dee fetes de Piques Orthodoxas et par suite du tassement et dea realisations dont nous avons dAjk parlA, le marobA deviant plus lonrd et lea transactions plus diffiailee. Touto la oote s'inscrit en baisse k la clAture de oe matin.
La Banqoe Nationale fldchit de 37 7/164 27 3/8. la Dnira de 29 3/16 4 29 1/8, la Crown Brewery de 316 4 208. la SUt & Soda de 37 4 86/6. la Nungovich de 9 7/8 4 9 13/16 1m Banx d’Alexandrie de l63/8 4 16 5/16.1aDelta Light de 18 13/16 4 18 11/16 et URamleh Railway de 84 7 7/8.
Lm petitos valours, tellea que le Trust et les Estates, sont de plus en plus dAlaissAes et oontinuent 4 flAchir.

Anglo-American Nile Steamer
* HCJTKLrOMPANY.
(OVER HU 18PORT OF (WJOS	AUUIORU i BUR*
ThrM Sailings s-Wssk. AfmUtU Abmmdrta:
AlUAMMA HNBCK WAIEHOUSf fit, Li-
IJ.10.W8

BANDMANN-DALLAS OPERA.
THE ORCHID
Visitors to the Gaiety or Daly's Theatre in London go there on one understanding, i.e., they are not to criticise the play, and those who went to see the “Orchid" on Tuesday night ought to have made the same mental reservation (and we hope that it was not taken as the standard of English drama by our Continental neighbours). Personally, we have never visited the inside of a "Horticultural College," but we cannot quite see why it should be the most appropriate place for diplomats, doctors, and debutantes to foregather and settle matters of vital interest, the said matters being — Heaven knows why!— entirely at the mercy of an eccentric gardener! We returned from the entr'acte to find the characters meeting for some abstruse reason in Paris, where it seems that one can appear alternately in travelling kit, evening dress, or fancy costume, nay more, to fight lengthy duels, and all in broad daylight. One's mind is in such a chaos by now that one ignores soch astounding devices to aid the plot (sic) as finding the orchid on a street-barrow, or allowing it to be carried in a lady's hat and can only admire the ingenuity of the writer who evoked the "synopsis" so thoughtfully provided on the programme.
As to the rendering of the piece, the change of climate from Saturday night had brought a great improvement in the company.The success of the play was undoubtedly due to the first rate comic acting of Mr. Ralph Roberts, who made all his points very cleverly and showed a rare and natural turn for humour that promises him a future on the stage equal to that of his prototype, Edmund Payne. Miss Corlass gave a most cheery and attractive rendering of “Josephine," and with Mr. O’Connor made a great hit in their duet, "Ah me! alack a day! alas"; the latter forms a welcome relief to the rest of the music, which is mostly traditional and obvious. Miss Morra's rendering of "Little Mafy" greatly pleased the house, and Mr. Cotter scored another success in the humorous if easy part of Comte Raoul, while M. Twyser, as the "Registrar" was determined that his brief lines should not be lacking in laughter, anyhow on one side of the footlights.
The second act was interminably long, and often resembled a collection of variety turns at a music hall. So long were the waits be tween "the exits and the entrances" of the different characters, that the attention of the andience was too often concentrated on the occupants of the boxes rather than upon the stage, while the duet should have occupied a fifth of the time it did. This want of “go" was to be regretted, and we suggest to the management to remedy this defect, for we think that by so doing they could guarantee a great success in their final performances with such an array of talent at their disposal.

FREYCINET ON FASHODA.
THE LAST OF A MISUNDERSTANDING.
M. de Freycinet, ex-Prime Minister, has been writing a book. ("La Question de Egypt"). It will shortly be published. This is a most opportune time, for it constitutes a strong argument for perpetual peace and friendship between France and England.
M. de Freycinet’s chapter on Fashoda and the meeting there between Marchand and Kitchener is frankly and entirely a justification of England, and at the same time a refutation of the current charge, made by the Parisian Jingoes of the time, that in withdrawing Marchand from Fashoda the French Government “surrendered everything."
“There was nothing to surrender," is M. de Freycinet's reply. But though England's case was clearly just M. de Freycinet points out that the English Cabinet's way of going to business was in some respects objectionable. To this it is that he attributes the misunderstandings which, in the estimation of the French and English publics, might end in war.
What England ought to have said, from first to last, argues M. de Freycinet, was that, as the protectress of Egypt she was simply assisting her protegee to the reoovery of the Nile dominions that had been temporarily abandoned during the Mahdist revolt, and which the public law of Europe had already recognised as being Egyptian under the Sultan's suze rainty. But as it was, the French public was at a loss to know whether England was acting solely on Egyptian behalf, or simply on her own — in which case, as the newspapers argued. Fashoda would become the property of the first comer, Marchand or Kitchener.

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
Prince Aziz Pasha Hassan gave a luncheon party at the Beau Rivage Hotel, Ramleh, on Taesday.

Lord Milner is leaving for Assouan this afternoon or to-morrow.

H.E. the Governor left for Cairo to-day and will return after the Shem-en-Nessim holidays.

Mrs. Bondi Ghebali has been safely delivered of a daughter.

aODVEMENT MARITIME.
DU POET D'AIXXAMDRIB
DEPARTS
26 Avril
Naples et Marseille ; rap. all. Schleswig, cap Trane, snr Test
Brindisi st Trieste ; vap, antr. Satnrno, cap Leva.
Pirte et Constantinople j vap. ang. Prinor Abbas, cap. Andsrlich.
Liverpool | vap. eng, Anatolia, oep. MayelL

FASHIONABLE MARRIAGE.
STEINAUER-BREWSTER
Yesterday afternoon^t 4 o’clock, the marriage of Miss Lina Brewster and Mr. Max E. Steinauer, the well-known contractor, was celebrated at St. Joseph’s Roman Catholic Church in Cairo. The service was attended by hosts of the many friends of the bride and bridegroom and their parents, and the smart toilettes and handsome floral decoration of the church made a very charming picture. The Rev. Father Battiglia officiated at the marriage, and hit address to the bride and bridegroom made a great impression on the congregation. It was incisive, full of deep feeling, in perfect taste, and thoroughly in keeping with the solemnity of the marriage service.
The bride's dress was of creme satin with silk tulle and trimmed with silk. Mrs. Brewster Bey was very elegantly dressed in black silk tucked voile with ivory lace insertions and a pretty hat trimmed with olive green. The bride carried a beautiful and costly bouquet from the 'De Rouge' with orange blossoms, and the bridesmaids carried bouquets, while the four "garcons d'honneur" wore white favors. In ths church the following order was observed by bridesmaids and best men: first, Mr. Fitspatriok and Miss Adele Brewster, second, Dr. Santenecchi and Miss Dupont; followed by Mr. Waller and Miss Ponsford and Mr. Edouard Rose and Mlle Reboul.
Among the congregation were nearly all the high officials of the Palace, and three of H.H. the Khedive’s carriages, one coupe and two landaus, were drawn up outside in charge of his Highness's own coachmen and grooms. On the conclusion of the ceremony a reception was held at the Grand Continental Hotel, where carriages came in a regular procession. The salon on the left of the entrance had been chosen for the reception, and was quickly crowded by numbers of guests anxious to congratulate the bride and bridegroom and their hosts, on the happy event. It is difficult to estimate even approximately the number of the guests, and we are convinced that there will be some notable omissions in the list we give of those who were present at the marriage service or the reception. We noticed H.H. Prince Mahmoud Hamdi and several of the Ministers, including Mazloum Pasha and Fakhry Pasha, Yacoub Pasha Artin, Mr. Alban, Mr. and Mrs. Sciortino, Mr. A.L. Webb, M. Riffart, Thurneyssen Pasha and nearly all the principal officials of the Palace, Nakhle Bey, M. and Mme Bergere, Mr. Aspinall, Chakour Pasha, Osman Pasha Cherif, Mme Mlle Reboul, Mr. and Mrs. Wildt, Mr. and Mrs. I.M. Chinn, Mr. A. J. Cotterill, M. Dupont, Mr. Bandmann, Mr. Beale, Mr. Plunkett, Mr. Geoffrey Milward, Mr. R. Carton de Wiart, etc.
The bouquets in the reception room were universally admired and deserved the admiration they won. Among the given of bouquets were M. and Mme. A. Guetin. M. and Mme. R. Carton de Wiart, M. E. Rose, Mr. A. Smith, Dr. Issa Pasha Hamdi, M. and Mme. J. Rose, Lt-CoL J.K. Watson, Thurneyseen Pasha, Mr. G. Gucchi, M. Pezzi and family, M. Dupont, M. and Mme. M. Charvant, Dr. G. Sautanecchi, Dr.E. Savignoni, Mr. J. Minotto, M.P. Sclavo, Mr. V. Levya, M. P. Marsil, M. and Mme. Michel Saleh Bey, M. and Mma. Gerard Joseph, M. J. Caruana, M. and Mme. L Caruana, Mme. Vve. Grech Bey, M. and Mme. Osman Bey Cherif, George Nungovich Bey, M. and Mme. Bougsch Bey, M.L. Sornaga, Mr. F.C. Berger. M. and Mme. M. Demanget, M. and Mme. Klingler, Mile. Victorine Yabis, M. A. Dimitri Bey, Av. J. Athanaski, M. P. Cromin Pastour and family, M. and Mme. L. Girard, M. C. Salon, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Cotterill.
We give a list (in French, owing to the difficulty of translating the list forwarded us in time) of the presents, some of which we intend to describe in greater detail. The witnesses for the bride at the marriage ceremony wore De Martino Pasha and Dr. Murison, the bridegroom’s witnesses, M. Guetin and M. Charvaut. Telegrams expressing the good wishes and regrets of those who had been invited but were unable to attend the reception were received all through the afternoon, and Mme. De Martino, though called out to Koubbeh Palace, returned in time to congratulate the bride long before the reception was over. A well stocked buffet was provided for the guests. At seven came the last episode, when the bride, who had put on a brown travelling dress trimmed with green, left the hotel amid the general good wishes and congratulations of all who were present, punctuated with showers of rice.
The newly-married pair leave Alexandria to-morrow by Russian steamer for Athena, and will then visit Corfu, Trieste, Vienna, Venice, Milan, Rome, Florence, Naples, and Paris, returning to Egypt after an absence of 2 months via Marseilles.
The following is the list of presents
Le Mari*, . Paruro *m«rande et brillants; La Mari*e, Bpingle Saphir et brillants ; Mm Brewster Bey, Broods or, rnbia et brillants , Brewster Bey, Booyelop*di6 Britannique, 9 valises de voyage ; Mme Brewsterf grand, mAre) Hague perleet bri'lants ; Mile AdAle Brewster, 2 sachets satin blano brod*s 4 la main, 1 pare pantoufle brodfies; Mr. F. FrenoAs, 8errioe de table porcelaine d*cot*e, servioe organ tens ciselAe ; Mme Rifiut, Jumelle nacre j Mr. Bifart, Chalne et montre or; M. et Mme Dupont,, Statue bronze ; M. et Mme B. Dnpont, Service •Is toilette argent; M. et Mme Cromland, Servioe 4 dessert argent; Mr. Geo. Aldereon,
(Alexandria), Bracelet gonnnette or. Amerande <t briilants ; Mr. FitiPatriek, SaliAre, poivrier •t Moutardier argent; M. et Mme J. Soma ' Alexandria), Ombrelle soie peinta 4 la main ; Mr. Felix Powell, On,;lier argent cioel* ; Dr.
et Mat Etuwtt Boot*, Patent egg boiler

EGYPTIAN SHARE MARKET.
(From our Fiancial Correspondent).
London, April 20.
Idleness is still the ruling feature of the stock markets - the Easter holidays and the uncertainty of the present state of the war in the East tend to put a checl on any fresh buisness, and, in the meantime, prices weaken. Japanese stocks naturally suffer, for sea fighting is always open to accidents, but Japan has had so long to prepare for the coming fray, and has shown such a very able seamanship up to the present, that she should put a finishing touch to the sea campaign this time, and there should be a sharp recovery in Japanese stocks.

In Egyptian issues, Daira Sanieh shares are
the main point of interest. There has been large and persistant buying from Egypt, and the price has been even up to 28 1/4, which, for the present, looks high enough, though, the market talks them up to 30 and over. Bank shares are still firm. Nationals at 37 3/8 and Agriculturals 13 1/4. Other prices show litte change.

There is a little recovery in Egyptian mines and Um Rus have improved on a good return from the mines. There is fortunately, a lull in the rush of new issues, and we trust that this may continue for a while, both for the sake of existing and prospective properties.

The general tone of markets is by no means bad, and we should see better markets all round next month.

THE COTTON MARKET
Kearsley and Cunningham's Weekly Report.
Liverpool, April 19.
There continues to be a very poor enquiry for Egyptian on the spot, and with some pressure to sell quotations of Brown are reduced 1/15 pr. lb.
In Futures a moderate buisness has been
done, and the following are the latest values;— April 6 37 June 6.26 Aug. 6.17 Oct 6.15 May 6.31 July 6.21  Sep. 6.16 Nov. 6.8
AMERICAN FUTURES. The Market this week has again been dull and inanimate, and prices have had a slowly declining tendency. To-day’s closing values are 5 @ 7 points below those of last Thursday. There is absolutely no new feature, and there is no speculation. Although the planting is late and continues to be retarded by cold and unfavorable weather, no one as yet, apparently, attaches much importance to it. The information as to the area likely to be planted and the use of fertilisers is still indefinite, and to some extent contradictory.
The following an the latest quotations. Delivery:-
April	4.02 July/Aug. 4.07 Nov./Dec. 4.12
Apl./May 4.02 Aug./Sep. 4.08 Dec./Jan. 4.13
May/June 4.03 Sep./Oct. 4.10 Jan./Feb. 4.14
June/July 4.05 Oct./Nov. 4.11.

argent; Mlle  Delanoy, Toast rack argent, Mme Pink Santoir or; M. et Mme Martinelli, Statue marbre; Mr. Walter Abtett, Porto fleer* argent; Oto et Ctasse Bormani Andrear.i, Vaeea 4 fleam ; M. et Mme J. Degiard*,(Alex.X U toilers, Paase-thA et pine* 4 sucre argent dorA: Ragbeb Masonic Lodge, N’ 51, seedier «* argent; Muriaon, robe sore brodAe ; M. et Mme de Martino Pacha, service de toitette argent eiselA ; M. et Mme Pabricins Pacha, jarfiniAre argentet cristal; Dr. gantoreeeehi,' Atui vguat mooogrmmme or; Misa Hamel, mehet broderie Renaissance ; Miss Mscfoiane, botto 4 Apinglen argent; AhmedZAki Paoha, service 4 dessert or et nacre ;~M. Beaie, boito 4 bisouits argent eimfo; M. et Mme Plunkett, hooqoet d»ln mariAe, oarefon* cristal«t argent; M. et Mme Angus** DejiardA, 12 eouverto et servieu 4 potsaoo argent, Mohamad iset bey, broeh**n brillants ; AL T. H. Byrnes, servioe 4 poieeon en argent; M. et Mme Digby Sraitta, rAunin datable peint 4 la main; M. Feedmaod de Martino, vasee 4 fleam argent; Mila Done-baa* r, USto-4-Wto 4 siwp argent darA; M. a* Mme P. H. Renfee, vasas 4 fleam argent; M. Edouard RosA, 13 cuillere 4 th* argent dot*;
M. John Wri.h ', plateau argent pour cartes de virile; Mme B. L4vy et fik, sachet brodfi argent (style Agyptien), Aoharpe orientals bro-dAeor; M. et Mme Auguste Grey (A leuundrie), plateau pour oartee, plateau 4 pain argent, porte photos, jumelle argent; M jet Mddarce Ileboul, service 4 thA argent; S.K et Mme Mourned bey ChArif, service 4 thA argbnt (style L XV); Saba Paoha, Plateau pour cartes so vermeil ;M. et Mme L Brunet, Garniture de table argept 3 pitoes ; Mr. Payn, Cadres a >hpto-graphies argent; M. Arthur et John LanaAn, Sean 4 glace argent; Mahmoud Chnkry Paoha, \ Service 4 tbA et 4 oaf* argent ; Mme Ponsford:
1 hurniture de table 4 toilette arista! et argent, Miss Ponsford, Columns den telle —uiimsne ; M. et Mme Charvaut, 1 piano ; M. l seau 4 bisouits ; MM. Pierre Dendrias,Eug, Colombani, Charles Pastour, Alexandre Kovats, et Lalislas Kovats (Amis oAh'batairee dn MariA) Servioe 4 ca» porcelaine dAeort*; Mr J. G Buhagiar, Cadre en moocharahie j Massieun Louis Canty, fiugbne GnArin de la CbAre et Emile F. Galfois, Servioe 4 liqueur; Mr. et Mme Ernest Mattwick, Potto flaeon parfum, service 4 liqueur; Mile Mkrguerita Rffkrt, Chemise de teMe brodAe 4 la main; Mr. H. Bontigny, 3 vases ten write.

lECK&CmjLSEPKRBEER
B» warmer «HI»	mri*