THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, FRIDAY, APRIL, 1905
THE BALTIC FLEET.
WAITING FOR NEBOGATOFF.
STILL LINGERING NEAR 
KAMARANH.
	Saigon, Aprir 27.
The Russian Fleet is at present ranged in
an arc of a circle between Cape Varela and the head of the peniusula of Kamaranh. It appears to be waiting for Nebogatoff's squadron. (R.)

London, April 27.
Telegrams from Saigon seem to indicate that the Baltic Fleet was still lingering in the vicinity of Kamaranh Bay yesterday morning.
(Reuter)

WHERE IS TOGO? MYSTERY SURROUNDING MOVEMENTS.
Tokio, April 27.
Formosa has been extensively fortified, but the puhlic is absolutely ignorant regarding Togo’s whoteahonts. The offioers and men have ceased communicating with their families. (R.)

AFGHANISTAN.
GARRISONS REINFORCED.
London. April 27.
According to news received from Tashkent, the Afghan garrisons have been reinforced. A battery of heavy guns has arrived at Herat.

BRINK QUEST ON IN EGYPT.
NATIVE OPINION.
The Cairo correspondent of “ Al Bassir" writes: — Many liquor merchants in Cairo and the provinces complain of the way in which their licenses are being taken from them by the authorities on the ground that it is in accordance with the circular issued by the Ministry of the Interior. If this is so it is very strange, for a license once granted and delivered should not be withdrawn without good reason, but if the Government should think proper to do so at least it should refund the amount paid for the license. I am told that a cafe keeper sold his cafe to another man; the buyer applied for a liscnese, but the Government refused to grant one; the applicant protested, but the Government persisted, and at last he was told that if be wished to go on with the cafe he should allow it to remain in the name of the former proprietor, and induce him to stay with him there. If a license was given to the former owner why should it not be given to the new comer as well? Both offer similar guarantees and are of the same profession.	
If it is the intention of our Government to suppress the safe of alcoholic drinks by this treatment we must thank them and wish them all success in their efforts; but this is not the wav bring about the end desired. A heavy tax should be imposed on alcoholic liquors; if the tax he not paid in time then the place should be closed, as is the case in the Sudan and in America, where the Government also makes it a condition that liquors of bad quality are liable to be confiscated and spoiled, and the place closed. Under these conditions the sale of intoxicants would be greatly diminished, and the quality of liquors be kept at a high grade.
The plan followed by our Government of withdrawing a license or delaying to grant one, has no effect whatever, especially when the applicant depends upon a foreign authority; and acts in accordance with orders received from his own consul exclusively. What could the Government do with such a person if he persisted in opening his shop, whether he had previously obtained a license or whether a license bad been refused.

THE SALE OF HASHISH.
A correspondent writes:- I think it is as well to contradict a misstatement in a letter in your Wednesday’s issue, in which it is stated that the sale of hashish has been eliminated from the market. On the contrary it is well known that this article has never been so cheap nor so easily obtained as at present. The Coastguard officers, it is true, receive £4.000 a year in prize money, but it is sold afterwards, it is believed, by the ill-paid Coastguard "Tommy," who only gets a pittance of four dollars a month. Unless a heavy penalty is placed on hashish it will continue to be a moveable commodity, shifting backward and forward between those who seize it as contraband and those who sell it to the small captains of the wooden crafts in port who manage to convey it into town for sale. It most be hoped that the "white slaves" will not pass from hand to hand in a similar manner. They will certainly be harder to keep dark than the noxious herb.

ARISTON AERATED WATI
Ounnmte/d Dlwflllorl.

LOCAL AND GENERAL
Holiday.— All the Ministries are to be closed on Shem en Neesim (May 1).

The Brindisi Mail will close at the G.P.O., Alexandria, at 8.30 a.m. on Sunday.

Polo.— Owing to the races, there will be polo on the A.S.C. grounds on Monday at 12 noon instead of in the afternoon.

Street Asphalting - The P.W.D. will asphalte the Han Khalil, Gamalieb, and Bab el Sharieh streets of Cairo next month.

Sir Wm. Garstin’s Report.—The National Printing Office has commenced printing the Arabic translation of Sir Wm. Garstin’s report on the Upper Nile.

Mex.—The season at Mex is now getting into full swing. An excellent orchestra plays at Prinea’s Cafe and the last tram leaves Mex for the city at 10 p m.

Army of Occupation.— It is announced in yesterday’s Army Orders that Brigadier General G. M. Bullock, C.B., has adorned command of the troops in Egypt, with effect from 16th March, 1905.

A Deserter —The Gouvernorat has condemned a policeman to 42 days’ hard labour and 20 strokes of the kourbash for having deserted. Another policeman was sent to prison for six months on a charge of theft.

Basdmann Opera Company.—On Sunday next, at 9 p.m., a performance of "The Toreador" will be given on behalf of the Israelite Free Schools by the members of the Ban Imann Opera Company at the Khedivial Opera House.

Simi es Nessim Trips.—The Railway Administration intend putting on two extra trains between Punt Limoun and Marg, and running a numbor of special trains between Cairo and the Barrage, on Shem en-Nessim.

A New Music Hall for Alexandria is to be built on the site now occupied by the Eden Theatre. The land has been let for ten years to the proprietor of the Eiffel Tower chantant.	
Suez Canal.- 9 ships passed through the Canal on the 25th inst., 4 of which were Britiih, 2 Dutch, 1 French, 1 Russian, 1 Turkish. The receipts for the day were frs. 232,452.01,. making the total from the lst jnst. fre. 8,487,430.72.

Tokar Syndicate.—Application has made to the London Stock Exchange to appoint a special settling day in Tokar (Sudan) Prospecting Syndicate, 5,000 shares of £1 each, fully paid, Nos. 1 to 5,000.

Hardly a Qualification.— A member of the Stock Exchange who has just come out to Egypt in the interests of a large Anglo-Egyptian house was asked whether he could talk Egyptian. "No," was the reply, "but I can play pyramids." 

Jewel Thief Captured.- The Cairo police have succeded in laying hands on the man who stole two brilliants valued at £250 from Carissian’s jewelery establishment the other day. His name is Farid Maricius, and he holds an official position in Khartoum.

Imperial Ottoman Bank. — The agencies of this bank in Egypt will shortly be transferred from the control of the Constintinople headquarters of the Bank and placed under the direct control of the London and Paris committees, more especially of the former.

An Electrical Spinning Mill.—Tlw Acme Spinning Company are building, at Pendlebury, near Manchester, a mammoth mill, to be called the "Acme," which will contain about 80,000 spindles, and will cost, with equipment, nearly £100,000. It will be the first spinning-mill in Lancashire to be electrified.

Murderer Sentenced.—The Native Court of Appeal has condemned to death Mohamed Ali El Naggar, of Kotodr (Gharbieh), for the murder of one Aly Ismail Abu Shadi. The wife of the murdered man allowed the murderer to enter the house and Ismail was killed by a blow from a hatchet while he slept.

Egyptian Paleoliths.—Mr. H.R. Hull has been searching, in company with Mr. E. R. Ayrton, for paleoliths in the Western Thebaid, and has published in "Man" for March selection from his discoveries, which he compares very effectively with some British specimens. They support the affirmative side of the question whether real paleoliths have been found in Egypt.

A Slump.— In financial circles yesterday; evening rumours were in circulation, that compliostions had occurred in regard to Morocco. Private telegrams, which were received on the subject, showed that the London and Paris Exchanges had been adversely affected, something of a slump having taken place. The absence of any confirmation of the rumours in either Reuter or Havas's wires this morning, however, and the firmer tone in Europe, tends to show that the slump was purely a Stock Exchange maneovure. It is lucky that the local Bourse was closed to day, as some excitable spirits might have been led away by these rumours. The chance of a great European war at the present moment is very remote, and there is extremely little likelihood that the Morooco question should enter on an acute phase at the very moment of the King's vitit to Paris.

THE TRADE OF EGYPT.
MARCH RETURNS.
The value of the imports into Egypt during last month is given in the Customs returns as LE. 1,674,052. This figure exceeds the total for the corresponding month last year by LE. 57,985. This is very significant, for March,
1904, was an exceptionally prosperous mouth as regards the import returns, they having exceeded the total returns for the previous March by LE. 354,574, or 28 percent. If last month Egypt succeeded in increasing this by nearly LE. 60,000, it shows the extraordinary prosperity of the country. We have drawn special attention to the comparison, because March, 1904, was exceptional, the great increase in imports being the inevitable consequence and indication of the profits made by the country on the cotton crop, which realised the highest prices of recent years. The high price last year formed a purely adventitious factor in this prosperity, and it would therefore have been no matter for surprise if we had to register a decline during last month from the maximum figures of foreign trade, which would only have been a legitimate reaction. But instead of such a reaction we find that last month, with cotton far below last year’s prices, Egypt increased her total imports by nearly LE. 60,000 over March, 1904. The permanent expansion of trade is surely the safest criterion of the country's progress.
For the first quarter of the year the exccess over 1904 is LE. 552,985. The excess of that quarter over the corresponding period in 1903 was LE. 431,460.
The exports amounted to LE. 1,924,770, a decrease of LE. 366,133 on March last year. The cotton exports totalled LE. 1,445,331, a decrease of LE. 432,148 on the figures for March in the corresponding year. The total value of the cotton exported during the first quarter was LE. 193,225, a decrease of LE. 1,963,361 on the same period last year.

DAIRA SANIEH COMPANY.
The report for 1904 shows a profit of £9.805, as compared with £28,807 for 1903 (which included the difference betweeit the price paid to the Daira Sanieh Administration and the ammount realised by the sale of the factories). With the balance of £9,506 brought forward from the previous year, there is now a total amount to credit of profit and loss of £19,312. It is proposed to declare a dividend of 3s. each on the ordinary shares, leaving to be carried forward £1,612. The total sales of land (including the those made by the Daira Sanieh Administration) up to December 31, 1904, amounted to 287,003 feddans and £E 11,064,427, to which must be added for the factories (exclusive of land) £E 11,815,677. Sales from December 31, 1904, March 31, 1905, have amounted to £E 10,275, making a total of £E11,825,952 The lands still remaining to be sold amount to 92 feddans, of on etimated value of £El4,150.

COTTON COMMISSION FEES.
HEAVY FINES IN LIVERPOOL.
There was considerable stir upon the Liverpool cotton flags when it became known that board of directors of the Cotton Association had, after prolonged investigation, decided to inflict a fine of £1,000 each on two members of the association, who have been buying broker. The said brokers have, it is said, seriously broken the rules and regulations of the association as to comission charges for buying cotton futures. Four spinners who are associate members of the association are implicated, and havo been fined £250 each. It seems the two brokers have not been charging the usual fees for purchasing futures, in the hope of securing the spot buisness of the four spinning firm.

SUDAN COTTON GROWING.
Cotton-growing in the Sudan for export purposes cannot as yet be said to have passed out of the experimental stage. The reports on the cotton-growing possibilities of the country are satisfactory, but it remains to be proved whether it can be grown in any quantity under the existing limitations as regards irrigation. Nothing can be done to improve, to any great extent, the water-supply of the Sunden until Mr. Dupuis' report has been received and fully considered. The question of railway communication, which is equally important to that of water-supply, will have received a partial solution when the Nile Red Sea Railway is completed.

DISCOVERY OF LIGNITE.
A deposit of lignite has been found in the province of Dongola, and the question of whether it is of sufficient extent to be of any general use is now being investigated. The report on samples sent to London by the Nubia Sudan Development Company has proved so satisfactory that the directors have decided to start operations on the east bank of the Nile, opposite the town of Dongola, and a diamond-drill has been brought up for this purpose.

TV PAT ..^"issefstein C^stlo 3410
I I AUL. ft First-do** private hotel near Windisch-MatreiStation, Liens (reached from Venice or Trieste). Good .niountiunrering centre. Tennis. Fishing, beet Juno and Septrmber. PrwpeoAuses and Pbo-tographs, “ Egyptian Gaiette " office, Cairo.

DISAPPEARING LANDMARKS.'
ZARANI’S CAFE LEASED.
One after another the theatres of Alexandria are going, and now it is the turn of the cafes to disappear. The Zizinia Theatre has been disposed of and will, it is said, have to make room for the palatial additions which the Splendid Hotels Company intend to graft on the New Khedivial Hotel. The site of the Alhambra Theatre is only awaiting a purchaser to be turned into flats or offices. The Abbas Helmy Theatre has been burnt down, and it has not been decided to erect another theatre on the site. New Zarani’s Cafe which is undoubtedly the finest cafe in Egypt, is to disappear. The Alexandria Exchange Company have leased the place and its appurtenances to Messrs. Thos. Cook and Son (Egypt) Limited, for a number of years. Messrs. Cook intend making it their offices at Alexandria for not only their tourist buisness but also for their engineering department, their forwarding business, etc. It is one of the most commanding sites in Alexandria and we congratulate Messrs. Cook on their enterprise in having acquired this excellent property for a term of years on what, we understand, are favorable terms.

THE KHEDIVE
H.H. the Khedive gave audience yesterday to H.E. Mirza All Asghar Khan, Persian Diplomatic Agent, who presented M.M. Taimed Danlah Dir, Mirza Mahdi Khan, proprietor of "El Hikmat," Mihran Khan, Persian Consul at Alexandria, Mohamed Tayeb Bey, secretary to the Persian Diplomatic Agency, and Agha Mohamed Ali Rashti, a well known Persian merchant of Alexandria, who thanked his Highness for the distinctions that he bad been pleased to confer on, them.
His Highness visited the El Mardam Mosque, in the Darb el Ahmar quarter, for prayers this morning.
The "Moayad" points out that this big mosque has been abandoned for the last thirty-six years owing to the state of decay in which it was. The Wakfs Administration has lately
of the command of the Khedive, completely 
repaired it at a cost of over LE 30,000.
A guard of honor, composed of 2 officers, 100 rank and file, band, and regimental colour of the 2nd Battalion Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, will parade at the central railway station, Cairo, at 7.25 a.m. on Thursday, 4th May, on the occasion, of the departure of his Highness for Alexandria
His Highness will hold his first reception at Ras el Tin on Saturday, May 6.

COUNCIL OF MINISTERS.
Among the deciscions taken by the Council of Ministers yesterday are the following: 1. A decree was signed consenting to the formation of the Societe Egyptienle d'enterprises urbaines et rurales.
2. The Charkieh Provincial Conncil is convoked for May 8, to elect a delegate to the Legislative Council.

ALEXANDRIA LINER DAMAGED.
Early in the morning of Wednesay this week a collision occurred in the Firth of Clyde between the steamer "Jeranos," 1,286 tons, and the Ellerman liner "Adalis," 2, 482 tons, the former outward bound from Glasgow for Alexandria, and the latter inward bound from Alexandria. The "Jeranos" was so badly damaged that she was compelled to return to Glasgow with the forepeak full of water The "Adalia" was damaged amidships.

THE S.S. "CANDLESHOE".
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Wednesday.
This morning, at 6 o’clock, I proceeded on board this vessel and found that already a very considerable portion 7 of the cargo of rice had beea discharged during the night. It was all quite spoilt by fire, smoke, and water. The seat of the conflagration was apparent in one corner of the ’tween decks of No. 2 hold, where now nothing is to be seen but charred and blackened bags of ruined rice.
Several hold beams, and frames are much damaged by heat, and excluding the value of the cargo, which is practically speaking quite spoiled in that hold, I should ray the damage to the ship is very considerable.
The vessel is fully insured, I understand, and the damaged cargo will, in so far as the water-damage is concerned,come under the “General Average" clause.
There is still a large quantity of water in the holds and the ship in consequence has a heavy list, which, however, is not dangerous. The work of discharging still goes on.

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
--------
The S.S. “Persian Prince” left Malta for Alexaudria via Tripoli (Barbary) on Thursday last, with generol cargo, and e.

Windsor Pharmacy
Kasr^LNM Square, CAIRO.
BEST CHEMICAL PRODUCTS
lajliih sad Forstgs PrMcnpUoa* canfolly pnparsd by Certificated Chemists.
*twxv* m srecr tmi *t*Mrrtu*r or
UQk It* FSOFSIITARY ASTtCHS A SFECtAUTlIS
EDEt«ue|-mEt
Open Ml! the >W' rnsetr,
IHvlItt V*9l»v • HMi »HHit
m tiMmwft fitttK

THE DAIRA SANIEH DEBT.
KHEDIVIAL DECREE:
The following Khedivial Decree was promulgated yesterday:—
Nous, Khedive d’Egypte, ,vu lartiolwfjde notra dddtet en	ft .6-, jui6 J89& vtjiMA
la conyyiion deJa'.DetU E^ptieone.tniftaa, ddcrot do ooqveraJon ‘da Ia ded^g^iilsLdlt Ia 1 Daira. S*uiehf’eu date^di 3 joatftJ$Qp>o l’artiold^i do. notre Alcnj d11-1904 reJatif an remkoitisement au pMr.de Lj( d:i(.e jtfrq-riJe do -la* fnttf -Seniidi; sor, U-'{iropusifioo’do, potie piinistreij.dei fiMPeqt'aF l’avis conforme us intre bonHeil cle* mmistres ; ddorttens:	. ■ ,w .., -. . (Jj,.	.
Arf ler —Nptre miuuiire dps finances est aotonsd k ■ tfjpofSn au rcml-'esp&es'de la’deite'gftfer.dode^Dr-irA'Samei).'
Art. 2.— I/i rsmbonrafn opT oomjrenTfrine' psienteht du *ca'p'ta(t' nominal, arfisi que le paiemonf du coupon’5cho.
Il Vera'e ffectife le HfbcloWe	A part if
de'oetfe dair ies inVtrffla cM'eronf de oouri^ snreeatitre*.
Los tifres dovrout itre" ifepo-qufnia j oars' k T avan'de, au guViut dos’diai-'oiis" et dtahlissement" fimuitjTdtil'rl-^prSs j
A“L<jndrte. * chfcz ' MM.' Sluni BfoThe'rs ;' k Piri-f,-kla FinqiVe deTari" (traroTif+Bb,k
B<ftlTD:'ehbt’MM^h^’Wtr*h'iiuTr''et'ClVr
arfXMfttrA L NatioifaT BdhTof 4dypf'
ApiWi lo Ier dfo-intrir l9b5,'‘ le reEnbourte-mout n’aura, lieu qii’au CalfoT
Le patiififhrdu' capital' ef da ooffgdn seht cffoctud'k PaH", so ebai gu de‘ 25‘-fra’nci paY li'vro atdftthg," et~>n ATleri^agne.' en lharkTIW taux dff iohai.ge.calcufe k ta’paiiff de'2i‘frihcs par tivrii SferliDf/
Art. 3.—Lea titres pr^sentis an remhiursJ1' menf ddirGht''6tlrd‘MitiI»'de ftjbsTta'rs'eob’pdfu noh Ttehtii 'Le tnoptihtrde' cea “ codpb'ft# Ifdor les titro* he vrtiilent pas mttni" (era; dd.Toit dn: capital k rembotlrsir.
Art. 4 —Les pbFfBhnr dd ’la delto 'gtfndrale de la DuTra Stnich seronb*ddebh"' qnibke- ats. spria le 15 oct bre 1905 du droit fid feclimfr' les*omm«-qni pdDVr.'nt lent Jtrb dufes"par suite du reteboursetbeht.

“THE HOLY CITY"
On Tuesday last, an eflective rendering of Gaul’s sacred cantata “The Holy City"'was-given in St. Mark's Church by the choir, augmented, by members of the choir of All Saints', Ramleh, under the steady and able conductorship of Mr. William Smith. It is perhaps to be regretted that the openingvquartet was not sung as such, as a somewhat overpowering result was produced, by singing it in "full," which detracted from the general effect evidently intended by this beautiful piece of harmony. It would obviously be invidious to pick out any individual rendering from among the solo work, as it was evident the soloists had taken great pains, and one and all gave great pleasure in the numbers that bad been allotted them. Miss MunGavin was heard with great effect in the solo, “He that overcometh.” and the trio, "At Eventide it shall be light," sung by Mrs. Baylis, Miss Callender, and Mrs. Roberts, was rendered with a great appreciation of the spint in which both words and music are so happily combined. Tho quartet and chorus, "List! the Cherubio Host," over which a bass solo was exocellently sung by Mr. Percy Smith, gave great pleasure, and by no means the least effective feature was the “Harp", accompaniment played on the piano by Mr. Crofton in a manner which quite made up for the absence of the instrument originally intended. Mention must also be made of the duet between Miss Calendar and Mrs. Roberts, which in the, opinion of some, was the most thoroughly artistic piece of singing of the evening. Mr. W.F. Sarjeant and Mr. J. Purvis were admirable in what they had been given to do, and last in order, though possibly first in importance, must we mention the steady playing of the organist, Mr. Heaton, who contributed very largely to the success of what was universally pronounced a most enjoyable and musically performance of undoubetdly beautiful work. As regards the singing of the choruses, it is not so easy to speak. The basses were a trifle weak and there was a certain lack of "attack" noticeable, but the sopranos did very good work. There will be another performance of this cantata in All Saints' Church, Ramleh, on Tuesday, May 2, at 6.30 p.m.

To The Editor of the Egyptian Gazette 
Dear Mr. Editor, - I quite agree with
"Harmony" that your scanty report regarding Tuesday 'recital' at St. Marks showed a great want of taste and courtesy towards those who gave up their time, talent, and gifts for weeks towards making the show of the afternoon a success. The cursory reference by the writer to the choir, and the prominence given to the tablet and persons present at the unveiling cannot but give one the idea that he knows which side his bread is buttered, but he may make a mistake.- Yours truly,
     Accord.
Alexandria, 28 April.
[Our columns being open to all our readers we publish our correspondent's letter, but we must again point out that the above specially written criticism of the cantata was only held over owing to want of space. The writer of the general report of the proceedings and that of the criticism are two seperate individuals. Ed E.G.]

BECK &CffS:PlL^NW'BKfi
Ostwiaakfe fi
IwOoiso;'

PERSONAL AND SOCIAL.
Sir Reginald Wingate is expected to arrive in Cairo about the middle of next month.

Sir William Garstin will leave for Snakin and Bandar es Sudan about the middle of next week in order to inspect the works in progress at the new port. Afterwards Sir William will go to Khartoum.
---------
People who have seen Lady Howe since her return from Egypt declare she looks all the better for the change, but at the same time she is very far from well, and likely to be an invalid for some time to come.

Mr. and Mme. Barois have been spending their Easter in Palestine.

Captain and Quartermaster A. White, 2nd Rifle Brigade, and Captain E.S. Moars, A.S.C., have been granted leave of absence.

Major Bailey, a younger son and Lord Glannusk, is to be best man to Captain Kenrick tomorrow, when he marries Miss Helen Little. Both officers belong to the 11th Hussars and any number of officers past and present have preuxxxxxx to attend the ceremony, which takes place at St. Mary Abbot's, Kensington. Lord and Lady Edmund Talbot, Colonel and Mrs. Qabert Lumley and others connected with the regiment have sent wedding presents, while the colonel and officers now serving have presented Captain Kendrick with a silver statue representing a trooper of the 11th Hussars.

Mr. and Mrs. Max Steinauer came down to Alexandria from Cairo yesterday and embark for Athens today on their honeymoon. On Wednesday night they occupied the rooms known as the Empress "Eugenie's" suite at Ghezireh Palace.


STEINAUER-BREWSTER WEDDING:
We publish today a further list of presents recieved by Mr. and Mrs. Steinauer on the occasion of their wedding, for which we had not space in our issue of yesterday;-
3. A. ’ L Pnnoeesd Fazil et St R.” Silarej, l bwjnc or are; diamant et sapbir \ Idris Bey Ragheb, jardinfere p^poV et' prisfij art w»u-vean ; le personnel de Mr. Max 8t«inaQer, 4
fcerrioe k de*tett eri argeflt* et 'nadre pqbr 12 pbnionhee ; M. Padova Lecte Rultn & CTe., jar-rimiire eif argent mWif et vermciT ; Mr. et‘-Mrae'J. B. Cafiari, 1 ported photoe-jumelle ou ’ Rrgctft et uri vapbriAateiu: en or et eristal ; M. et Mme Nay roc, 1 plateau k horJ'd’otovrdST krgent; Mmeliossu*, 1 jardiniere en nnulfifti. wojpff ; Mf.‘; et' M*e ’R.‘H5ppef,.l en irgent ; MUe Franoefchi.’l collierTndiqn’ou" fiUgfahe d’or aeihj 'de' tarqubisea*; Mr. et* Mine d’Aryilo, 1 porte fruits enbrorS f Ahmed Chifik Boy, mqnTre et' hrocho enor aveb per Fes' fiiw ; Mr. et Mme’CbnslahTiri" A^geloivJilo, 1 begoe avedroh^ et^rnjitofa.';; CraDoh Beyfl hourneVcris^al ot argeoV; Mr- * MdretiaTioo»£ 2	fleur* yaponais';
Mr.' et’Mibe ‘David ^tsmann/' % porCo*BI«-" o ri^'m vermeil; Me (FI 'Tky^‘ t4viiSf: nacre et piiimsfe d’antruche ‘blanchesMn-; ffaylbf, 12 cuUlers k thi aigeot ‘ el^* ym^mT:, Mr. ot Mme. N. Giankclis,‘service poor’XqJ" or pour 12 pc'rsomTes ;- MTTe Z DuMAra atfacben'moaktTqnjure*''8*(in blanb’brodtfi'.k la main ; Mr et Mme M. Lants, mirolf' poife sqr’piAlestal actrij^tfm	.
Inmfere flrcfnquo; Mohamed Aly Bey, aypKd* brillants ct s-vpLIr,, hogn0 rnbG et Bmina et Farema 0"mite'CheriT'fc^,cfvehfba' en ntore et plume d'aatfrache Aran ’ Bey’ Stephan, service de’'JthJ CoftTn ; Henry'; ^’ k tkini, 3 vases’ art nouvpauMr.' R. wafer,' cruets andfl isk ; Johu Koos.'etc., etK

WEDDING AT PORT SAID
(From our Correspondent).
Port Said, Wednesday.
To-day was celebrated the marriage of Miss Victorine Reichmaun with Mr. Paul Bouvier, and employe of the Suez Canal Company at Ismailia. The bride is the second daughter of Mr. Reichmaun, the superintendent of Messrs. Will and Co's coaling department. The legal ceremony was held at the Consukate yesterday at 4 p.m. and to-day punctually at 10 a.m., the bride and her family arrived at the church (St. Eugenie) at which the religious ceremony was held in the presence of the Governor of Port Said, the French Consul, and many other dignatories. After the ceremony the bridal party and the guests drove to the Eastern Exchange, where covers had been prepared for 180 people. The dejeuner was served on the verandab, which was very prettily decorated. The "garcons d'bonueur" and their accompanying demoiselies headed the precession after the bride and bridegroom, and consisted of the following:- Mr. Homery with Mlle C. Reichmann, Mr. J. Psalty with Mlle M. Zamut, Mr. E. Brest with Mlle M. Perrin, Mr. J. Allouard with Mlle C. Broquedir, Mr. Colombani with Mlle Y. Cipeck. They all carried exquisite bouquets. At 3 p.m. dancing commenced and continued all the afternoon and evening until 10 p.m. The newly-wedded pair left by 6.45 p.m. train for Cairo amidst cheers and showers of confetti.


/tRoyr PEN^fotf, iTAiiVf iMiuf
TW >wt