THE BQYPTIAN GAZETTE, FRIPAT, APBIL 28, 1905.
_ !_________________ ^
' rüARMÀCY IN EGYPT.
LORD CROMER’S REPLY.
MEETING AT ALEXANDRIA.
An important meeting of tho International Society of Pharnugîista of Alexandria will be hold ou Tùexiiy noit in order to read Lord Cromer’* reply to the pharmacists in regard to tlie new régulation», and.tÿ- disounafeattara of general internet appertaiuing to thg profession, 'lhe following réoumiS of tho «ituation will be , of iuterestiin view ot this meeting.
Tho proteste of tho Pharmaoentioal Socie-tie» of Cairo and Alexandrin againat oertain causes of the new Pharmacy Régulations, eui n'otably against Clause II., haviog failed t ■ aiove the autborittea, it wae reeolved, u a last resource, that the membera shonld appeal to théir respective diplomatio agente, and a pétition was drawn up, whioh atated in etfect that the new Pharmacy Law for Egypt, publiahed in September last by the Sahitaiÿ Authonty, and approved by the Jlixed Court of Appeal at Alexandria, had raised just proteatatiotis on the part Of the qualified pbannaciate. lt waa admitted that tbe new law was a real stop towarda progrès», but that Clause IL took away pharmacy irom the real pharmaciste and deliver-ed it over to commerce and spéculation, mmstuuch as it autboriaed auy person to ;urry on a pharmacy and to selland prépare mcdicines »o long as a qualitiod cbemiat *\i in charge.-It waa pointed ont that in ïuch a case, the qualitiod man mnst submit to every caprioe of the capitalist and that .«iween the two tbere must exist a oertain ittagouism, which .would be to the pnblio ■runent. On the other hand, qualified damnais without much capital would fiud iittle’ or no opportnnity of astablishing thern-wlvw on thoir own acoount. No Européen pbarmaceutioal législation, it was shuiiirn, makes mention of such an inegu.anty/Even Turkey (under Capitulations hke Egy (it) takes &o exception tb tbe rnle that the qualified chemist has alone the right to open and to canyon a pharmacy. The International Associations of Caire and Alexandria there-foie drsired to protest againatr Article II., and rVqnested that the neoessary ateps be ta ken Mi seeure its abrogation and replacement bÿ\he lollowing : '
Nu one s hall in Egypt exercise tbe pro-ioD of pharmacist, carry on a pharmacy, • tjr scU any médicament nnleas he bas s diploma from a reo guisod faculty and has oklained authorisaüon from the Sanitary Administration. Also nç phannaciat «hall carry on or possess more than one pharmacy."
The petitiorers asserted that they did not wish to modify the status of exiating phar macies run by uuqualified proprietor*; so long as they- bave a reaponaible pharmacist it) charge ; bat they désire that for tbe fntnn only qualified chemists «hall be able to bny 01 open a pharmacy. They stated thoir oonvictior also that a pharmacist delegated by thon associations shonld be présent at ail inspec lions of pharmacies. A pétition to this effect " itjgned by the President of the Association anc by the English chemists establiahed in Cairo was duly presented to Lord Grenier, wh< replied at leugth. Ho began by expreasing hii entiro agreeœent with the principle advocatoc —tbat, on the whole, a System under whicl the ownetship of pharmacies is restrioted U qualified pharmaciste offera greater guarantee to the pnblio than one under which tbe owue —»y be unqualified. He believed that thi ew was largely share-1 by the publio, an. „c the mention npon lhe façade of an ests Miment that the owner is not bimself qua ted will go far towards securing what th armacists desire. The practical question «ever, was not what System would theoreti cally be most satistsetory, but wbat System cai be most effectively onforoed in Egypt, ha vin, regard to the- restrictions on its legislativ powers under whioh the Egyptian Goverumen labours In this oonnection Lord Cromorquota from tbe letter addrau-ed to the petitioner» b tho Director-tieneral of the Sanitary Départ ment on December H, 1904, iu which hé de&l witb the point in question os follows :—
"As regards tbe ownership of pharmacie», bave to oUerve tbat the rigbts of foreigtiei under tbe Capitulations again necesssrily limi the action of the Goven.meut The Üovsrniqen bas power, with the consent of tks'Mixed Coin ol Appeal, to inake régulations of generz application in the interest of public health, bu it bas vqry Iittle power of desHng with right cl property. Now, it happons tbat the sut ceasful conduct of a pharmacy requires no only profeisional skill, but also some amour ' f capital, and in (thé course of time thei adhères toit a right of property of the moi val h able kind — that of the goodwill of th burinera. It did not appear to tbe Governmer o--r ntial for the protection of the public healt that the pro'essional skill and tbe reqnisit capital shonld be nnited in tbe sanie haïuti That being so, it waa clear that if their unie »u to lie insiated on it would hâve bee to avoid dealing witb tbe question of goodwi Uni»ss tbe hoirs of a pharmacist who die witboot baving provided a sucoessor were t bave been seriously prejudioed. W* w*re adri
ed tbat any attempt to doal with this question would bave raised questions as to rigbts of property which might havo been tat&l to tbe régulations as a whole. My deparunent was the more ready to accédé to tbis view beoause we were oonvinoed that any ru les in the aense you suggest wquld hâve been partioularly easy of évasion. Once a phannaciat has taken out bis lioense to praotise, he ,ia free io open a pharmacy after notification to tho Department, and the Departmeut has no right to inquiro as to tho source from which lhe neoessary capital ia obtained, nor as to tho terme upon ,which it ta ubtainod. Were a sériés of young pharmacists, known to be in possession ot no capital, suooes-sively to oocnpy the same pharmacy, lakiug over in tnm tho stock of drugs, etc., there would be a very stxoug presumption that they were in tact the salaned servants of the true preprietor ot the establishment, bat we were advised that no such presumption oould be drawn in law. The frank récognition of the facta by the régulations has at leoat the ad-vautage that, if tho propriotor dolares himself, tbe régulations subjeot him to a certain moasure of-contre), which would be otherwiae impossible.”
Lord Cramer then prooeeded to show that it|was clear tbat the question under dis-cussion was decided by the Legal Adviær to the Government rathor thau by tho Saui-tary Department on prolcaaional g round». On the legal point he hesitated to express apy Personal opinion, but-ho had before hiré a oopy ot defini te proposais lormulated some time before by tbe committeo of tlie Alexandrin International Association of Chemists tor tbe amendmeot of tho new law. lu that ho obaervod that the oommittee was ffnprëë^ sed by the possible hardship which 'might rêvait for the widow and orphans of a pharmacist under the rule propoeed, and tbat ,it drafted somewhat elaboraie provisions for meeting the case, W hâte ver opinion one might furm as to the uiility of tho provisions then suggested, it «a* at lca-it clear that they proposed to croate a form of property in a pharmacists business which might for rnauy years remain in the hauds of perso ns other thau qualified pharmacist». AU his expérience of the *very limi ted scope within which rognlations approved by the Mixed Court of Appeal requiro to be kept, led him tu beliovè that any régulations on the subject under discussion must either recogniso a goodwill in a pharma-cist’s business whioh «hall be freely transférable, or «hall retuse to reoognise any such
■	goodwill at ail, and that the syatem of lree 1 trauafer of goodwill is probably the one whioh ’ will work most efficieutly and with least 1 friction. He depresatod the anticipation of the
petitaoncra that the System embodied in the
-	new Uw would canne «eriocs préjudice to
-	qi.a'ifiod pharmacists employed as managers. He thought theïr fears were somewhat exag-
1 gorated. The view taken by such managers
>	themselves, as éxpreased in a pétition to the t Direotor-General of the Sanitary Department,
» was that the new law, by regulatiug a situa-f don which already existed, had already im-* proved their position pecuniarily. Although be i could not oonoeal from himsolf tho fact that 1 the petitiunere were likely to remain hostile to
■	the particular provision iu question, he trusted
>	they wonld reoogui-e that it was furoed upon 1 the Government by the facta of the situation,. 1 rathsr than adoptod by eboioe, and that they i may find in practioe that it wiU not produca
>	tho regrettable conséquences they are inclincd
■	to anticipât*.
r______________________________:__________________
EGYPTIAN MINING.
EGYPT AND 8ÜDAN MINING SYNDICATS.
The Iatost information available respecting this syndioate’s Negem mine is oontained in a report datod the end of last roonth in wbich Mr. LleweUyn remarks : “the roof is as good sa ovor.” The adit has been driven a total iis tan oe of 57 ft, and the last sample taken irom the reef over a b read t h of 3} ft pannod î ot. gold to the ton. The reef waa after-irerds distnrbed by a cross vein, and although mbseqcent panning has givon resclts of 4 ot. i ind over, the reef is still nnsettled, and most j >f the quarts is in the fond of small irrcgular I itringers. The No. 1 shaft has reached a depth i if 47 ft, but is not yet on the reef. No. i i ihaft is now SJ ft deep, and the reef is from l ft 9 in. to 2 ft wide, with a vaine of from lalf an-ounôe to 3 ot. to the ton. The reef in i Lhe bottons is said to be improving.	I
Tbis mine is in the Borber district, where i Lhe «yodioate has a concession. The syndioate ! lolda51.671fully-paidaud20.0X) partly paid , ihares (7s. 6d. per ahare oaUed np1) in the Sudan Gold Field.
The following cable was despatebed last I week: "Bvrrahine shaft nnbottomed workings at . « depth of ll7ft Tho average thickoess of tho jnartx is 3ft Gin. ; the quarts cou tains rich ire.” Tho abova. message relatas to the operations bciug carried on at tha old workings situaje 1 at Barrahme on the syndicate’s oon-cession.
EGYPTIAN MINAS EXPLORATION CO.
Mr. C. J. AlfOrd has fornisÿeà the following «nmmsry of the month’s operations : Atallah Mine -March 18, No. 1 Shaft, 260 ft at this levol crosi-cnt to vein is started ; 1701t. level north-east, total longth 64ft, vein at end loin wide, as-aying G .t 15dwt gold per ton ; Na 3 Incline, cro&acut to vein at 300ft (oorrespond-ing with 260ft iri No. 1 Shaft), 25ft, hard granité. Eridia Mine—March 26, No. 1 Shaft; 50ft level soutb, struck- intact vein again at 76ft from shaft, veina 30in wide, assaying lot ldwt gold per ton ; at lôOft level cross-cct to vein is iu 12 t No. 1 Creascct, north drive, last 16ft vein averaged fdin wide, 17dwt gold. Wiute down 42ft vein 14in, 6dwt No. 2 Cross ont, north drive, last 19ft averaged 16in, with lot 7ilwt goldpcr ton. Winro down 42ft, vein 18in, with 12dwt. Na 3 8haft, 100ft,lovcl north, last 17ft, vein averaged 13in wide, with lot 2dwt gold per ton. lOOft level sontb, strurk into ancien t workings. Semna Mme—March 28 Nn. 1 Shaft, 75ft level east, vein at end 12in wide, 2 t 5dwt gold per ton Na 2 8haft, 930, granité, 50ft level east, vein 48in wide 8jdwt gold. 50ft level wcat, 23ft, vein 55in sride, 18 lwt gold per ton. No. 3 Shaft, 57ft, no change.
Mr. C. J. Allord, who left for England lately, intends ooming out to Egypt about the month ofOotober next in order to prospect the area situatod a littlo to the north of Khartonm.and extending as far as Korti, which has been pro mised to the Victoria Investment Corporation Mr. Alford wiU orginise an expédition for tho pnrpose.
NUBIA SUDAN DEVELOPMENT CO.
A report to the Nobia Sudan Development Ca by Mr. P. O. Wilson, ofa very voluminoos character, bas been reoeived in London. It shows the resolt of an apparently carefcl and oon-adenti us exsmination He regards the pro-gress msdo as satisfactory, and thinks the evidenoe indispntable that the ancienta had rioh ore npon whioh to work. He furthêt insista that “ths rich chot»s will cootinne under their workings,” and he adds s “I think onr goal is now in sight."
UM RU8.
Tha following is the retum for the month of March : "446 tons of ore ornshed : 351 ot of bar gold prodneed, valued at £1,189 ; 360 tons of tailing* storod of an average away value of 3 dwt. per ton. MiU ran 12 days of 24 hooro."
NILE VALBY.
The report from the mine, dated April 1, is as follows : “Na 1 «topo north, Na 2 l«vel —Within the last few days we bave oommenoed stoping ground from the bottom of No. 1 winie, beating Dorth. Tbe «tope has been carried 8 fri, tbe reef averaging for this dis tan oe 3 ft. 6 in. in width, some few pieoes of visible gold baving been met with. This «tope, as yoo will readily nndentand, is nnder the rich shnta met with b No. 1, and it ia onr intention, as «oon as possible, to oommenoe work where this rioh gold was fonnd higher np tbe winte. In order to do this, however, it is neoessary for ns to square off tbe «tope at tbe bottom. Na 2 riae north—Stope north bas been oarried a total distance ni 54 ft, being an advanoe of 11 ft. 6 ins. for tbe week. Por tbis distance the reef averaged 18 in*. Na 8 rise north- Stope sonth : Doring tbe l**t two or three days we bave oommenced stoping aonth in Na 8 rise, to oem munira te with the stope going north from the No. 2 rise. The «tope bas been carried 5 ft 6 ins., dnring which distanœ the reef averaged 1 ft Na 5 Bhaft—Work has oontinoed stesdily dnring tbe psst week, and very good progrès» bas been made in outting the plat at the 900 ft. level, which «honld be finisbed and the croewat oommenced dnring
the next week. New battery—Tbe riveting of the No. 4 tailings tank shoold be oompleted within the next few days, when tbe oanlldng will be prooeeded with immediately.Thewooden table for the battery plate is finisbed, and the wator réservoir shonld be ready within the next two days. The worm wheel and pulley for the endless wire rope hâve beed o roc ted at the bottom end of the inclined tramway."
AltMV and n.vvy.
(FbOM OUH CORiŒPOSDlHT).
Lien tenant-Colonel J. K. Watson, C. M. G., D. 8. 0., King’s Royal Rifle Corps, who has just taken up the dnties of aide-deo&mp to lhe Khedive, is, 1 believe, the fini British jfficer who bas been appointed to that oifioe. Lioutanant-Coloi-ol Watoon has worn the green jackct for just'SO yeara, having got his Irat appointaient ia April, 1885. His oompany jamo to him in 1893 and his prêtent «nbstan-tive rank in Ootober, 1902. His finit active serrioe was in the Chtn Hill Expédition, 1891* 92,’and fonr years later he went throagh the D-mgola Expédition as aide-do-oamp to Sir Herbert Kitohener (mentioned in despatches. D. 8 0., modal, and Khe-iive’s modal). He beld a similar appointaient in Kitchener’s advanoe to Khartoum vii the Atbara and Omdorman (twioe mentioned in despatches, brevet majority. and two clasps), and he earned another mention and tbe 4 th Clasa of tbe Oimauieh in tho operations of 1899, when be wai D. A. A. G. to the flying colnmd whioh fi cally sqaared aooocnts with the
He was again aideriecamp to Lord Kitohener in the Boer War of 1809-1901 (mentioned in despatches, medal with clasps), and in April of the latt-r year joined the Egyptian Army at Cairo as an A. A. G. on the beadqcarter staff. Lioutcnant-Colonel Watson iiam ffioerof tried ability, and his appoint-ment to the Khedive’s Personal staff is a decided compliment.
London, April 17.
Captain and Brevet Major Hesaey, Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers, who recently vacatod the appointaient of aidede-camp to Major General Leach, V.C., lato oommanding tbe Belfast Distriot, has been ordered to join tbe 2nd Batta'ion at C&iro on absorption. Major Hessey was with the lst Battalion in the lato Boer War, inolndings the battle of Colenso, where he was «everely woonded, the actions ot Vaal-Rrantx, Tugela Heights, Pieter’s Hill, and those of Belfast and Lydenberg, in tbe campaign east of Pretoria (mentioned in despatches, medal with fonr olasps).
In addition to Captain C. G. M. Blomfield, 4th Battalion Royal Warsriokshire Régiment, Curragh, Captain J. P. Hawksley, 113th Battery B.F.A, Shorncliffe, and Lieutenant C. IL Lucas, 2ud Battalion Royal Berkshire Régiment, hâve boen selooted for service with tho Khedive’s troop*. Captain Hawksley joined the Royal Artillery in September, 1897, was promoted oaptain last July, and uw alotof service in the late Boer War. He was with the 42nd Field Batteqr at the actions of Elands-laatge, Rietfontein, and Lombard’* Kop, which preoeded tbe siégé of Ladysmith, and after-srards participa ted in tbe defenoe of that garrison and the operations to the east of Pretoria and the actions of Lydeuberg and Belfast (modal with four olasps and mentioned in despatches). Lieutenant Lucas has served seven yeara in the Royal Berka and holds the medal with three clasps for tbe osmpaign in the Transvaal, Orange River Colony and Cape Colony.
A despatch from the Meditemcean States that the majority of the ahips on that station made good practioe at the recent qoar+erly firing. Not a~few of the ships needed a bit of pnlHng cp m straight shooting.
ALEXANDRIA 8PORT1NG CLUB. FIRST 8UMMER MBETING.
Fibst Dat.
Tbe following are the handicap* for the
Posr Hasdxcap Mr. R Karam’s oa.h. Eclipse, 9.8; Khalil Pasha Khayat’a g.a.p. Sadik, 11.0; Khalil Pasha Khayat’a b.a.p. Docgban, 9.2 ; Messra. W. B. Rees and G. H. Barker’s gaJi. Vandal, 10.6 ; Ibrahim Bey Cherifs c.ap. Royalist, 10.10; Isbaok Bey Hnssein's b.ap. Shakrour, 10.4 ; Mr. A. J. Snrsock’s g.a.p. Roy Blaa, 9.10; 8aleh Bey Yagben’s g.a.p. Miassar, 9.0 ; Hassan Pasha Mohsen’s g.ah. Taib, 8.10.
Skoosd Daï.
Lord or Rosna Stakes :— Khalil Pasha Khayat’s ae.m. Bandusia, 10.0 ; Prince Moha-msd Ibrahim’s b.e h. Théodore, 9.!2;Trinoe Mohamed Ibrahim’s b.e.m. Tartine, 10.0 ; Omar Bey Soltsn and Ahmed Bey Bakry’s b.o g. Bonus, 9.2 ; Mr. Nasri R Tsgher’s cb.e.b Pra Anfi nio, 10.0.
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements
Under this hoading advertisements are in- ^ wtod at the following rates :—
OH Cl 8 TUOE8 6 TIMES
15 words	. . . P.T. 5 P.T. 10 P.T. 15
JO words ...	„ 3 „ 16	,, 24
A PPLY for Frenoh, Italian, Arabie, German,
“• to the Berlits Schools, Alexandria (26, Etue de l’Eglise Copte) ; Cairo Sharia Eamel), Most rapid method 'Trial lsason free. Evening liasses at Alexandria, P.T. CO per month. ________________________ 23069-30-9A-906	‘
A DVERTIS1NG AGBN'l’d-’lïi'bërt pnblio Advertising sites in Alexandria belong to 1 Vestai à Ca, Advt. Agents, St. Ca théines Sqnare. 8pecial rates for permanent ohenU Moderato tonna. Prompt despeteb.
_________ _	26642 31-12-905
A RB YOÜ FURNISHÎNG 1 Ifso, see lut of Baroaiss b élégant Household fond- . Lure and fitùngs, the preperiy of a gentleman . proceeding on luve. Appiy early, R A-S. . Poste Restante, Caire.	25837-6-5	J
UORMAN & CO. hâve jnst reoeived a fnrther • u ahipment ot Sommer Cloth, latest patterns. . 3cits to meascre by a first-claas English enttar, ' Irom P.T. 250. Sole address, Cherif Pasha < Street, Alexandria.	25844-6-3	1
L'NGLISHMAN (96) désires position in Cairo J *-* or Alexaudria, m Sound commercial House. English, Frenoh, Shotthsnd, and Typownting ; well acquainted with Stock Exchange and general commercial work.' Excellent refeienoea Sound health. Commenoing salary £200. rare “Egyptian Gazette" Office, 36, New Broad
Street, London.________________25850-3-2
I ORD CROMER'B REPORT.—Copies cas O be obtained of Borman & Uo, Cbenf Pasha-fitreet, pnee P.T. 6 per oopy. 25826-6^6
MOTICR—Mr. John 8. Papasian, piano tuner il and tepauer, 7, Kofletta-road, Alexandria, bas the plea>ure to infunn the public that he bas been appointed furnisher and tuner to H.R the Higfi Commissaouer of Cyprua for the tiurtoonth year b sucoession.	25858-1
UEQU1RED a competent Junior Bookkeeper, IV âge 20 to 25, with some yaars expérience b Européen office and knowledge of English and P ranch. Salary L.K 7 per month to oommenoe with. Appiy by letter to P.O. Box 603, Poat Office, Alexandrie.	26848 2 2
'l'O BE LET for the sommer a well-furnished -L House situatod b the Boulevard Kamleb, faciug lhe sea and dose to thaRauleh station; oontaxmng 8 rooms, ba'hroom, eta, and téléphona For fall particulara, address H. J. L., Khédivial Clcb, Alexandria.	25835-6-6
'PO LET for 4 montas, airy House b beat -L part of towii ; dooe to the seo. Appiy, No. 25,846, ''Egyptian Gazette" Offices. 25846-3-2
fPO LET, Ibrahimieh, summer, Fcrniahed --L House ; two flats ; garden ; spiendid situation. Appiy, Na 25,854, "Egyptian Gazette"
Offices.________________________25854-6-1
uk. AN TED a German Clerk for Bookkoepbg > T and Correspondance in a Pas»enger and Insurance Office. Appiy, Poat Box 600, Cairo.
25849 6-2
Galendar of Corning Events
ALEXANDRIA.
ApriL
Fri. 38 Alhambra. Cirons Entertainment.
9 pro.
Set 29 A. C. C. gronnds. Cricket. A. C. C.
. v. Team from R. Berka. Régi.
1.80	p.m.
British Kifle Club (Alex.) Practice on Mustapha Range. 2.80 pm Khédivial Club. Alexandrie Sport-ing Club Lotteries. 9.80 p.m.
San. 30 Gabbari. Pigeon Shooting. 2.30 pjn. May.
Mon. 1 A. S. C. ground*. First Summer Meetiog.
Tues. 2 Rendering of Ganl’s “Holy Cita" b Ail 8aiota’, Ramleh, by Choir of St. Mark's. 6 30 am. Thnro. 4 Bab el-Ghedid. Arrivai of Khédive. 11.30 am.
Sat 6 A. 8. C. gronnds. lst Summer Meeting. (Seoooddav). 8.30 p.m. Aldaraon's tiarden. Variety En tertainment. 6 pjn.
San. 7 New Kbedivial HoteL M. Caliae’s grand Concert. 5 pro.
Tues. 16 Bebera Co.’s Offices. Extraordinary General Meeting. 3.30 pm.
CAIRO.
ApriL	*	-
Fri. 28 Zoological Gardons. Performance by Qhizeh Boys* Band i» afternoou Khédivial Opéra House. Band mann-Dallas Company in Tkt Earlandtke Oirl. 9 pro.
Théâtre des Nouveautés. Variety Entertainment 9.80 pm. Trooedera Variety Entertainment
9.80	pro.
May.
Mon. I	Agriculture! Bank. Extraordinary
General Meeting. 6 p.m.
Taes. 2	Abdeen Palace. Khedive’s Para
well Rsoeption. 8.80 am.
Koubbeh Palace. Khedivah’s Re oeption. 9 a.m.
Sat 6 National Bank. Extraordinary General Meeting. 4 pm.
Thon. 18 Mohamed Aly Centenary. Grand River Fête.