THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 1205.
TEE AGRICULTURAL BANK OF LUYPT.
To The Editor or tub Eormut Gazette.
Sir, - -The Article which you print below was, as you Are aware, prepared for the press in December ot last year. The reasons which led me to withhold it trom publication at that time' no lunger exist; void in view of recent contributions on the subject, containing information some 01 which is accurate and much of which is uut, 1- think its publication at the present .time 'may be of interest. To have brought the article up to date wouid have involved rewriting it; a task lor which 1 have neither the time nor the inclination, and 1 rniisi Uiuictorc ask your readers to accept this letter as ap apology lor the article in its pre-^ sent lutmk aiiU as lar as may be possible ex-. planatory of it. The views which l ventured ,to put luiward as to the deairaoUjly of a iresh shaio capital issue have been continned by events, but the decision to make the new issue at pa/ is an excellent lliusujfiion, if one Were neeueo, ol the dangers u! prophecy in matters ol finance, The motive ot this decision cau only be explained by a desire on the part ot the Government to restrict the accumulation ot the reserve lu.ud and, though 1 am tar trom Wishing to put an uncharitable interpretation on their motives, an increase of value/ which ■*< they might possibly consider as unearned iu-- cremcut, iu tip) Deieired shares. On the other hand, the accumulation ot the nfcerve fund is up to a certain point dooiuCula in the Government . interest, as long as the guarantee remains iu its present form. The difficulty call inly ■ be resutred by abolishing the indirect guarantee as it now exmts and by substituting for it a Vurect guarantee of the bouds. ‘ihe share capital would then become eecuniytor the Uoverumeut in place ot the reserve iuud, which wouid no lunger be required. The vaiue and pnoe ol toe' Ordinary and Deterred have reached a point at which a three per cent, guarantee cau have no very real interest for holders ot these shares,"' aqd they oould hardly complain at its disappearance. The proportion between the share capital and the bouds in its altered form, which has been the subject of some rather unintelligent criticism, has been, as auy one cau reckon tor them selves, a matter ot exact calculation, and is equally well adapted to meet the requirements of the Government guarantee, either in its present tonn, or iu some other, similar to that suggested.
D.K.R.
Cairo.
The Agricultural Bonk of Egypt was formed in May, 1902, to take over and develop the -business ol loans to the lellabeeu, which until then had been earned on by the National Bank of Egypt. Started as an experiment by the Government, aud handed over to the National Bank soon alter its creation in 1893, this brauch . ot the business had grown so rapidly as to call for the formation ot a special department to deal with it; and wbeif in 19u2 the loans grained had reached tho sum of £400,000 and applications for lurther sums were reaching the Bank trom ail parts ol the country, it was toit that the business bad emerged from experimental beginnings, and had icached a stage which warranted the creation of a separate establishment with special powers to give shape aud expansion to the work winch lay before it.
As originally constituted by the decree oi May 17th, the capital ot the bank was fixed at £2,5oo,UUO, ot winch £l,25u,000 was at once issued in the shape ol 248,000 Ordinary aud if,out) Deterred abates ol £5 each. The National bank received 80,000 Ordinary shares in repayment ot the £400,000 which represented the amount ot its advances to the lellaheen outstanding at the time;—110,000 shafos were subscribed by Bir Ernest Oassel, aud the remainder by a group ot focal financiers. Bower was taken to issue the balance ol the authorised capital in such lotm as might be subsequently approved by the Board, auu * in the summer ot 1003, 62,500 cumulative 4 % i’leterenoe shares of £10 each were issued and subscribed.
In February, 1904, tho scope of the Bank was still further enlarged, and its powers extended, by a senes ot amendments to the original statures, which have subeeqoently been incorporated with toem. 1 heir unmediate elltci, in so tar as the capital ol the Bank was concerned, was to raise it to five millions by the auditiou ot two and halt million of bonds, discretion, as before, being lelt to the Board as to the time and manner ot their issue. £1,476,000 of bonds have already been sub-
scribed, bringing the paid-up capital of tbe Bank to £3,750,000 out of ao authorised total of £6,000,000. Very soon after operations had be* un, an arrangement was entered into by which the Nations! Bank agreed to make advances to the Agricultural Bank at a moderate rate of interest in proportion as the demand for loans arose. This arrangement has given the Bank an elasticity which it would not otherwise have possessed, aud at the same time has avoided the raising ot largo sums ol money until the employment of them became a certainty.
Such in outline is a sketch of the Bank as it exists today. A larger interest lies iu ascertaining its aims, its powers, and restrictions, the methoils by which its vast capital employed and repaid, and the relations in which it stands to the Government and ire own shareholders on one side and the fellaheen of the country on tbe other. The aims of tho Bank are defined in the statutes iu no unoer tain language; it is the single purpose of the Bank, it is declared, to make advances t < tbe population of small meaos whose occupation is the tilling of the soil. Two classes of loans are provided for, the first not to exceed LB. 600 m amount and repayable in 10} years, the seoond not to exoeed LB. 20 and repayable in fifteen months, in both cases the rare of interest is fixed at 9 %, or such limit as may be fixed by law ; 9 % being the rate which has always been prescribed by the Code Law of the country as the maximum which the Tribunals may allow in all claims which involve auy question of interest. In other respects the two classes ot loan diffeX widely, the tint being secured by a mortgageyon the property which may not exceed 60 % oftbd ascertained value of the land ; the seoond being an advance not secured by any specifio cession of property, but safeguarded by the shortness of the period allowed for repayment. The first is no doubt designed to provide capital for tbe purchase of plant and machinery, while the secoud is li aiited to the provision of seed the value of which the harvesting of his crop will enable the small termer to repay within the limit ot fifteen mouths allowed.
Apait from these limitations the gjfcoting of loans is lelt entirely in the hpfid* 'of the manager and the bank agents in/the interior. The iniluence ol tho Government is first lelt.ni the Way in whioh the interest and principal ot the loans are recovered. The Barret or Government tax-gatherer in each dutTicrirarthorised to receive repayment of_amoOnts~ttQEl}^ due, in the same way that he rooeivee every y'ear the paymeuts of land tax, the largest item of Government revenue in this country, and the coll action ot which requires a permaiieut staff ol these officials. I here cau be no doubt that the presence of these men, whose Comings are known and expected among tbe fellaheen as those of the seasons,in their dual capacity as Government tax-gatherers and agents for the Bank, ensures a regularity ol repayment which it wouid otherwise be ‘ idle to expect. The machinery of Government is applied at the veiy point where it is most required, aud where the leverage it affords to the Bank can be most widely exerted.
Fours have been expressed as to tho use which the lellah is likely to make of bis newfound facility in obtaining loans. Wearo i .clm ed to think that the use which he is likely to make ol borrowed money will at all times be largely; determined by the urgency, or rather the insistency, with which the need of repayment is kept before bis eyes. Without in any way detracting from the honesty ot the Oriental character, it is no exaggeration to say that under ordinary circumstances noOriental enters into any commitment, least of all any commitment in which he acts tbe part of borrower,, without some mental reservation as to the possibility of shifting or evading his obligation
Therefore the position of the lender and his reputed ability or inability to enforce repayment, becomes an esseutial (actor in determining the employment of the mOuey loaned trom him. It is the Government, as has already been shown, who steps in to take repayment, and it is therefore the Government .who is in the eyes of the feilah the real lender,—a lender of whose ability to enioroe repayment, experience has taught him to have no doubts.
Enough has been said to ahow that the Bank has nothing in oornmon with the Agricultural Cooperative Banks which in some cases have succeeded so well in Europe. The oo ordination ol interests which they involve, and the altruism of spirit which they call for, are altogether alien to Oriental hie and character. '1 he altruism of the Oriental is only conceivable in a negative sense ss the difference between the greater or lesser degree ot suspicion with which be regards his neighbour's motives. It is far trom being a standard to which an appeal for cooperation oould successfully be made. Any such scheme as that attributed to the late Menshawi Pasha of an Agricultural Bank working without the earning or payment of interest, though in itselt a bold attempt lo give practical shape to Moha-med&n tenets, would be doomed to failure though the same cause. The Agricultural Bank as it exists to-day imposes individually on tbe fellah a moral financial obligation the nature of which he lully understands and discharges, without the doubts and questionings which any other form ot Bank would inevitahiy arouse in him.
Hardly less important than the relations of the Government and the Bank towards the fellah are their relations towards one another. These are regulated by Articles 40 and 41 of tbe statutes, on which it is not too much to say that the whole constitution of the Bank is binged.
A reserve fund is to be boilt np from a yearly deduction of five per oent. from tbe interest annually collected, to ihe amount of £225.000; a deduction which is to be increased to 7 % on interest collected over sod above the sum. On the basis of interest @ 9 %, this
.yearly assignment -to tho reserve fund will amount to £27,000, to which must be added any difference between the rate of 4 % and that actual rate <>f interest, including redemption,at which the £J,.‘>')0,000 of bonds may be raised.
Tbe reserve fund will be invested in Government securities, and is only ip be drawn on in the event of the interest collected in any given year, pbu such sums as may be also recovered as overdue from previous years, proving inadequate to cover tbe ex]«nses of the Bank, the arrears of indebtedness, and an iuterast of three per oent on the capital engaged. Should the reserve fund be still inadequate to meet these calls, die Government agrees to make good the deficit
It will thus be seen that the Government guarantee, though indirect in the method of its application, is none the Ipsa real and substantial in its : ature. It should go tar towards making tie bonds attractive to investors who, while in search of Egyptian Government guaranteed securities, are deterred from investing in Preference and Unified by the prospects of conversion and a diminished yield at no distant date.
Tbe bonds as a first oharge, followed by the Preference shares as a seoond, have a claim to the Government guarantee which ranks above that of the Ordinary shares. In this way the guarantee of three per oent on the whole capital is sufficient to oover the interest of four per cent not only on the bonds but also on the Preference issue; leaving of oourse a very han lsumc margin for the former. It has not perhaps been fully appreciated that tbe guarantee is twofold iu its nature, and seonres tbe bondholder not only as to his interest, but also as to his principal, the latter being doubly secured by the express application of mortgages made under 'B' loans, which in themselves postulate a land value doable the amount of every mortgage.	♦
Turning-to the result of the first eighteen mouths, working as shown i» the balance-sheet to Decy 19(72, the dividend at tho rate offour per cent might be considered disappointing, but tajf a special cause explained in the president’s (report which may be allowed to speak for itself.
In accordance with the statutes of the Bank, only rfto iu’.erest actually recovered during any financial year can be taken into, aooount in making up tho balance sheet. Thus only .the iuterast actually collected, viz., £154,582.19.7, has been carried, to profit and loss aooount, whereas the interest‘accrued amounted to £39,286.19. 11 more. This large difference will disappear in future years and a similar difference will only arise when in any current year fresh capital has been employed the interest on which is recoverable in the following year.
In other words, the real results would but for statutory restrictions have permitted the distribution of a dividend of about 6} instead oi 4 % with a distribution to the Deferred shares corresponding to the $ % on tbe Ordinary.	y-—\
Though thiacdiflerence, as explained in the report, will diminish in future years, it will not disappear altogether until-such time as the capital of the Bank becomes definitely fixed. Pur the present this is limited ‘to five millions, and if unlikely to remain at that, it would nevertheless be impossible to take any other figure for the purposes of calculation without taking a flight into the realm of prophecy.
Up to five millions sufficient data are available to calculate with tolerable aoouracy the return to shareholders. Alter making allowances for a sum of £65,000 for annual expenses, inclusive of commissions payable to tbe Sarrafs ; for a deduction of £27,000 for tho Beeerve Fund ; and tor a charge of 5 % on net profits payable to the National Bank, we find that the results will be such as to admit of a dividend of 10 % on the Ordinary and a distribution of £31 each to the Deferred shares. In a country where economic changes occur as rapidly as they do in Egypt, we hesitate to name the rate at which this should be capitalised, but takiug into consideration the movement of capital into tbe country, and tbe high olaas of the security, we are inclined to plaoe it at 4 %, which will give an ultimate value of £12.10 to the Ordinary and £775 to the Deferred shares.
It is impossible to forecast what increases of capital may take plaoe in the future, or (heir probeble effect on the share capital. Power has been reserved to issue any further bonds ranking pari passu with the original two and a hall millious, provided that the Egyptian Government assent to such issue, and extend the guarantees in respect of the uew capital. Even with this extension it seems unlikely that bonds will be issued beyond the sum of three and threeqoarter millions, without a corresponding increases of the share capital. The guarantee of three per cent, on five millions will be abeorbed by an interest of four per oent. on three aud three-quarters; to issue bonds alone beyond that amount would therefore be equivalent to exposing the bondholder to a deficiency in his guarantee, which, however unlikely to materialise, would none the less affect to some extent the theoretical value oi his security.
To the investor therefore who looks rather to the future and its possibilities, than to an immediate return, the Deterred shares offer a mater attraction than the Ordinary as limited by statute to the original number, whereas it may be found neoeesary for reasons already given to add to the existing issue of Ordinary shares. Holders ot both classes may not be satisfied with the oonviotion that their interests are in safe keeping.
Tbe financial foundations of the Agricultural Bank as laid by Sir Ernest Oassel and Sir El win Palmer are so sure that any extension of iU business cannot but be beneficial both to the shareholder and to the fellah, to promote whose welfare it was created. It stands to-day an undertaking of the first magnitude, designed and destined to take irs plaoe among the institutions ol the oountry, as a motive power of prog roes and civilisation.
Calendar ofComing Events
, ALEXANDRIA.
April.
Tues. 25 Jubilee of Consecration of 8t Mark’s Church. 5.30 pm., Unveiling by Consul-General, and dedication by chaplain, of a tablet commemorating the Jubilee. 5.46 pm. to 7 p.m, Ren dering of ’ Holy City” by Augmented Choir.
Alhambra. Circus Entertainment. 9 p.m.
Wed. 26 Kbedivial Yacht Club. Regatta. Sat. 29 British Rifle Club (Alex.) Preotioe on Mustapha Range. 2.80 p m. Sun. 30 Gabbari. Pigeon Shooting. 2.30 p.m. May.
Mon. 1 A. S. C. grounds. Pint Summer Meeting.
Sat 6 Alderson’e Garden. Variety Entertainment 5 pm.
Sun. 7 New Kbedivial Hotel. M. Caliae’s grand Concert 5 pm.
CAIRO.
April.
Tnes. 25 Kbedivial Opera House. Baud-mann-Dallas Company in TKt
OrcJtid. 9 pm.
Theatre des Nouveau tee. Variety Entertainment 9.30 pm. Trocadero. Variety Entertainment 9.80 p.m.
Thnrs.37 Cairo Evangelical Free Church.
Induction of Pastor 4.80 pm. ^ Conversazione iu evening.
Pri. 28 Zoological Gardena Performance by Ghiteb Boys’ Band in afternoon.
May.
There. 18 Mobamed Aly Centenary. Grand River F6to
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements.
Under this heading advertisements are inserted at the following rates :—
OXCB 8 TIMES 6 TIMES
15 words . . . P.T. 6 P.T. 10 P.T. 15 30 words ...	„ 8	„ 16	„ 24
The address is oounted. The advertisement must appear on oonsecuttve days for above rates to be obtained. 60% extra is charged for advertisements not appearing consecutively.
All such advertisements most be prepaid, and to this rale no exception whatever will be made. Utters In reply to advertisements will be posted to any address if a few stamps are sent by the advertiser to cover postage.
A SARD'S INTERN A TIONAL INDUSTRIE* AMD IRAJja MARKS RROlbTHR. -A osstnl busuims dinewvy soefeAUf smiresM of all important bums** films ol Onat Britan, tbs Con bn sot, aid Kgyyt Uiaolabag aD arm Korops and Amtnea Pries— Ons pound marling. Bos* Kres.
AQAJUTS INTERNATIONAL HOTEL QUIDS MU pom fires to all dm oiaas Hotair mroaghoui Juiropa, Anurias, tbs Oolontss and Mgyps. lbs boss ndsnoss book for wavbUsn.
ADVERTISING AGENTa-The best public Advertising sites in Alexandria belong to U. Vesln & to., Advt. Agents, St. Catherine's Square. Special rates for permanent clients. Moderate terms. Prompt despatch.
25642-81-13-905
A BARGAIN FOR SALK — Encyclopedia Britannic* in latest edition, including NEW Volumes dothbound, with revolving oak oase; valued £67/10. oflered for £38 cash or £46 on terms. Apply, K.A.8., Poste Res tan to, Cairo.	26808 6-5
ARE YOU FURNISHING 1 If so, soe list AA of Baboaiks in elegant Household furniture and fitungs, the property of a gentleman proceeding on leave. Apply early, E. A-S,
Forte Res tan te, Cairo,	25837-6-3
•DLICK TYPEWRITERS, Ncu6 £», fto. 7 A* £11. W.T. Kmmena. 99 Rue Attarine, Alexandria, Address, Port Offioe Box 86.
80 6-9052
ENGLISHMAN, 22 yean of age, with five Lh years’ Banking experience, desires situation in good firm. Speaks French fluently and good Correspondent K A., 9, Acre Lane, London, 8. W.	26880-1
GOVERN ESSES or lady’s maids in want ol situations may apply to Mary Lambertini'i offioes, Rue Clear, 3, Ruelle Miani, Alex andria.	95819 6 -!
HOUSB TO LET, Ramleh, from July; oIom to sea ; 3 sitting-rooms ; 6 bedrooms bathroom; hot 'and oola water; stabling foi three: large garden. Apply, No. 25£1S* "Egyp tian Gsxette office.	258i*-04
TJOTEL ASSISTANT, knowing French, LI Italian, German, Greek, Turkish, Roumanian, English, Russian, and Arabic, desirec post as Dragoman, Porter, or Waiter in Hotel or Restaurant Apply, No. 25,840, “Egyptian Gazette” offices.	25840 8-1
1 ORD CROMER'S RBPORT.-Copies can Li be obtained of Borman & Con Chenf Pasha-Street, pnoe P.T. 6 per oopy. 25826-6-8
T ANCASTKR HOUSE, Sharia Wabour-el U Moyah, Cairo. Comfortable apartments, with or without board. Terms very reasonable 25599-15-6-905A
1~0ST, Sunday, Fox Terrier dog, large saddle L mark all black on back, tan about tbs face; answers to name * Flock." Finder reward ed. Apply to Rowdon’s Stable, Porte Rosette. Buyers are warned.	26838 3 1
V URSE ot Bonne wanted, to take oharge ol 11 mlant One who would be prepared to go to Europe preferred. Apply Mrs. Craig, Mata-rieh.	25827-33
IfR. J. P. BERNARD,' the great French inventor ol numerous medioal products for the cure of almost every chronic disease, has arrived at Alexandria and will receive patients free from 8 to 9 am. every day except Sunday, at 26, roe Salah el Dine et Cheickh Aly el Lessi, lmmeuble Ahmed Yassim.	6-4
DESIDBNCR—Wanted gentleman to share At comlortable NORTH apartment on river bank near MUSEUM: Electnc light; or would let furnished lor SUMMER months. Apply, K.A.S., Poste Keatante., Cairo. 268U9-6-5
OANDY MACDONALD, the famous 10 D years old Scotch Whisky, can be obtained at the Kbedivial Opera House Buffet during theflandmann Opera Season. 25829-4 3
XO LET, at Ibrahimieh (Ramleh), 5 minutes from the station, for the summer season, a Famished House of 7 rooms and a large garden in good condition. Special terms tor English families. Apply, No. 26,802, “Egyptian Gazette" offices.	25802-6 4
TO LET, furnished, for summer, Villa, 6 A rooms, etc., garden, ex cedent situation. Address, Schiluzi, Ibrahimieh. 25799-6-6
TO BB LET for the summer a well-furnished House situated in the Boulevard Kamleh, teeing ihe sea and dose to the Kamleh station; containing 8 rooms, bathroom, eta, and tele phone. For full particulars, address H. J. L, Kbedivial Club, Alexandria.	35835-6-2
.» ANTED immediately ^reliable Book-keeper: »» must know thorougblyiEogliah and French. One wlp can typewrite Preferred. Address, No. 25,886, offioe of the “Egyptian Gazette".
25886 3 2
