*HI «0TPPI1H ÆUWPW, SkWKükr, À-PÈlti 29? l*»:
THE CAPITULATIONS.
eqyptian opinion.
Althoogh native public opbion U oppoeed tothe Capitulation*, *0 far aa regarda the privilège» they oonfer upon Buropeana, yet at the nme timo the etatoment» of Lord Cromer in favor of their abolition bave not been ro oeived with any enthusiasm, a* it is believed that the Capitulations aie an effectuai hind nuioe to the increase pf Britiih iufluenoe b JBgypt, and that it would be better to leave them with ail their imperfection» and injustice» than to removo »och a powerful obstacle to the growtfc of tho power of the Oocupation. The followïng article explain» thi» standpoint It is trenslatod from “Al Express,” an Arabio weekly published and editedbyMahmoud Ibrahim, an intluential ex-Oovemment official, (Mohamedan) :—
On notifying tho publication in London of Lord CrOmer’s report the telagrema pointpd ont three of the subjects treated thorein, nome-ly • the neoessity for abolishing the Capitulations ; the favorable attitude of the Khedivo towards tho establishment of amicable relations betweeu the British and the Egyptiens; and tho co-operation or the Legislative Council and tho General Aaaembly. Wo wi»h now to deal with tho firet-mentioned part of these sub-ject», vit ; the Capitulations. One of our beat ttritérs rejoiftd at the sUtement» rnade by Lord Cromor aa to the necesaity of the abolition of theso Capitulations in order to savo Bgypt from their abuse. We doubt, however, whethér his joy is real or imaginary, for theso Capitulations are a guarantee of the bd* pendenco of Bgypt and a brake on the Occupation. Without the Capitulations Bgypt would hâve beoome a British Colony long ago.
It is not strango thon that Lord Cromer should oomplab of their existence inasmnch as they constitnte the only remaining stum-bliog block in his way for the acoomplish-îpent of his work in Bgypt. Ho haa over-corne &11 difficulties ; he has cstablished the most friendly relations between the British and tho Egyptians, so that if any Egyptiaus were told that Bog’and was about to eva-ouate the oosntry they would woep and wonld seize the British soldiers by their uniforme to induce them to romain at Kasr el-NQ and Kom el Dik.
The Anglo French agreement will mark in history a vory oonvicting proof of bord Cromer*» great ability in politics for the joko he haa played on the Fronoh Republic. His Lordsbip ha» brought the Khedivo and King Edward together and thua sileuœd the National Party. Ile has aecured tho good-will of the membere uf the Legislative Council, so that they are more submissive to Kasr el Douhara than ever before. He haa aboliahed the Caisse de la Dette and put'the Finanoe at his disposai. He has sulxlued the Sudanforhis conntry. There romains nothing besides the Capitulations; aitdr putting an end to them he will bid 0/ “good-bye” te go and live quietly on the banks of the Thunes for the remainder of his life.in order to mako room for his disciple, iir Bidon Goret, who is at pr^int studying politics at the Poroign Office anirpreparing himself for the important poet wjjich will be left vacant by Lard Cromer.
The Capitulations en sure the existenoe ot the International Courts for a long tenu of yeara. Their existions strengthens tho in fluence of the Consuls and thoir influence is moat bénéficiai to the'oountry in regard to the froedom it enjoys b speech and b ac tiom Without them we wonld not havé'a free Press to write, critioiae, and oppose. Without them no Egyptien wonld bave boon sllowed to stand in tho midit of Mohamed Aly Square and say “I am free to say and irrita what I like,” and no one wonld be allowed to preach patriotiam and spealt on any national «abject were it not for the Capitulations. Wby thon shoul l natives com-plain of tbem owing to the trifliag diaadvan-tages reaultinz therefrom 1 But aftar ail what are theso drawbaolwT Tney say that thaïe disadvantiges are that tbe foreigners are not tried with the natives in the same tribunal 1 We may hère say that there ia no harm or disadvantage b such ;reatmont ; any foreigner who transgresse» against a native is liable to be accused by the native before his oom-
potent consuUr authorities, tried end con-J demned by his oonsolar jxmrt If thi» oonrt does not aot wib ^M^a aqd impa^ality tbe matter oould be referred to ana brought before the Mmtstry of Füreign Affaire on which that oonrt dépends.
Wo cannot pretend that the French, the Italian, or the Hellenio Goveromeato wonld not deal out justioe in cases between Egyptians and their subjects, in order not to show the natives the way how to obtain satisfaction against those who cncroach upon them, and conseqnently would refrain from going to law, or to apply to the properanthority in the right way. The fault lies therefbre with our timidity, for we are offended, but we romain in silence. We are encroachod upon, bot we do qot take the trouble to reek redross at the Consulate whieh is near at bond.
In numeroua instances we bave reocntly uoticed that the oonsolar authorities are now dealiog more sevorely with their subjects. A» to civil rights we are ail equally tried by Ibteruatioual courts, and no one eau dony tbe indépendance in aotion and froedom of opinion of theae institutions, their impartiality and their influence. These oourts are the only sources b Bgypt of justice and equality between tbe higb and thé low, and between tbe reler and tbe rulod. On various occasions they hivo oohdemned the Govemment b favor of-nativos d» well as foreigners, in favor of local «objecta. We are of opinion that on the very dey these Capitulations are abolished, on that day the British Plag will be hoisted over the lajnd of Bgypt Are the Egyptians awore of this or not ! If not, the soonor they appreciate the situation, the better it wïÛ be for them.
CAI KO S.P.C.A.
ANN UA L REPORT.
Allosion has been made b prêvions reporte to. the qaeetiuli of the oonstruetion of a Decau-ville, or ligbt rail way, leadbg from the principal quareies to points at the outiteins of the town and thus dôing away al together with the use of carts for the 0011 voyance of atones over the desert This is a matter in which tin 00m-rnitteo take the greetest interest The oonoes-sion fer theæ lines was approved and sanction-ed in June last, bat a good many teohnioal details 111 regard to the orossbg of the 3 ta te Kailway unes, and the points at whiohjrtone and matenal oould be unloaded, had îiubso-quently to be anranged, so that the Delta Ligbt Kailway» couldnot begb work'until Deœmber. lines are to be laid to tho Red Mountain, tp the sand and kUiiquarripa, and to two quarries beyund the Cita^lel jta’osfu as the Middie and Upper quarries. Diatnbuungr dépôts for the town will be at Bab-ei-Hasaniah, the Monsky, and at a point north ot the Citadel. The work will be pubed on, and should be oompleted by the end ot Juiy. it, as is tioped, those unes are evcntually exulusivoly used l'or the tren.port uf s tune, etc., cart uaffio across the deeert should oease.
The mebod of dûemborkbg caille, horses, shoep, etc., et Aiexandna næ reoenUy ooen ctigaging-, the attenuon ut tue Alexaudna and Cairo a.T.C.A.*s. Untu quite reoentiy ouiiuoks and buffaioee were noistea by the hures trou tbe bottuin ot Uie hold, and naturaily struck against the siilee ot the hatch and bulwark, as tbe winen was swung round to drop them bto the lighter. Oxeu wub no hums were diagged from the lower dock by the forefeet Cases ot dislocation ooourred in oonsequenoe of animais being hoisted by one lout and ronghly lowered bto the lighter, and tue horns ot some of the buliooks were bruken. b one instanoe a con-signaient of over 300 goal» arnved. Tney tuul been on boaxd for 8 days without food or water, the water being apparently only auffi-uient m^quantuy for the crew.
This stite of things was brought to the notice of the Khédivial Mail Line and Bell’» Asia Mmor S.d. Co. and tbe pensona. influenoe uf Mr. Uould and Mr. F. Allen largely oontri-buted to oause tue tonner company to change their'mebod of disemoarking animais.
Ail shipe amving ac the Port of Alexandria with oattle should use albgs limiter to those now used by the Knediviat Mail Cio. for bul-locks, homes, and mules. Shoep an! goals should be hoisted up from the hold in a square box large enough to hold 6 or 8 shoep at a timo. Th* box or bokes should hâve iron rings
at tbe oornefs with * sùrall cjhait bocAjng on to
the eh iin of the winch.
InviWFoftha
Ammali are brougbt to Bgypt in ships belonj-ing to the Austrian Lloyd Co. and to Greek oompanies, Mr. Gocld spoke to the Austrian and Greek Consular authorities on the «abject of tho methods of disemWkation oomptained 6f. 'They promised to enquiro iuto tho matter at on » and to take aotion. The Austrian Lloyd Ag-nt has sinoe iasoed a cironlar forbidding ths u»e, in tbe vonels of liis c m]w\ny, of objectionable moties of disembarking oattle
The instructions of Bell’s Asia Minor S.8. Co. to the oapUins of their steamsre are to' use eau vas «lings fur ail heavy animais such as bulléclo,' homee, eto. It is sboerely to be hoped" that the company wiH, in future, »ee that three instructions are properly oarried out. .
EGYPT AND U.S A.
MACHINBRY IMPOKM.
Lately we referred to the faot that there is a large and ateadily inoreasbg market b Bgypt for British machbery. Our vie*» I receive ample coufirmation in a very candid note by Consnl-Qeneràl Morgan, the American repreeentative at Cairo. He writre—“Ünlike British manulaototers, tho Amerioans refuse to guaranteè thdir goocls, couwutiug them-salves by saybg, ‘Tho machinés do the wurk we claim for them b this oouutry (the United States,') and than proceed to pat idiomatio exprresioiu bto their latte» which are, b many cases, beyond the lbguiatiû attaiumenta of the intendbg agent or pnrubanr. One mamufacturer lost a market for his 'cultivaton' owiug to the spriugs carrying tbe body of tbe machine not being strong enough to properly support the machbe when Crossing the irrigation ohannela, with which ali fielda in Bgypt are btorsected. In roply to the suggestion made to strengtheo 1I10 springs, he said that tho machine» were not made to jump ditohe»’. Theie ditohe» are nileta of ÿut X ins. or 8 ion. deop. Suggestions as to ‘finish' of certain wefcring parts are aa regultrly aouuted as they are made, as are also suggestion» about modification» to make the machines more adaptable to the peouliar agriculture! conditions of tbe oonntry, the nature uf the eoil, etc. British manu lecture» hâve long had the réputation of acting b preoisely a sunilar manoer as that now atuibuted to American t, but I hâve it frum a gentleman reoentiy returned from the United State», which be vuitad fur the sole purpoaeof luduotug manufacture» to btro-ducu certain modifications b their agricultural machbery which were eaeential Jo their efficient'Vorkiog iu Bgypt, that he simply lost his tima aud money, and, returuing east, be offered his suggesuons to a British manufacturer, who ai ouoe took up the businres. The purohaser is paying 30 per cent, more for tus machines, but he gels what he requirre, and also the guarouty for working effiureooy, which the Ainenoau inanulaoturers refuse.'*
LOtiOMOTiVliti IN EGiPT.
Poliowing up these exceedtugly btereating remarks, tfie Amen- an Gousul-Ueuerel treau hisUuVeftuuent to some “home truths" with fégard to Yaukee looomotivea. He irrite» ••American locomouves a few yen» ago obtaiu-ed au uneuvbble repuution b Bgypt, aud were the subject, of more than oue official report and référencé. Hure, «gain, I tLiuk it but just to remark that at tue timd they were orderei there was a général outory at the lack of transport—locomotives were required and that immodiateiy. American mauufâoture» undertook to fill the void b an incredibly short apaoe ot timo, aud did so. The order was b every sense ‘roshed’ to fill aa immédiate neoessity. Under other conditions it is uot impossible that American manufacture» oould suacesiiully compote with those of other oouatrtos wnethsr from the point of view of repid delivery, firnsh, or geuoral efficiency, or ali three combindd. ’i'ne reasoos for the comparative failure of the American looomotivas to corne up to local expectations rnight form the Subject of a report by a mschiuery expert sent hère to study the general questidn of dsChberyfur tbe Bgyptian market." Bjforo tau American expert gets to Bgypt the British fihnü iutererted shôald make their matkat sécuro. At the présent tune they hâve an opportunity which may nerer oOcar again.
COHPORA'HO.V DP W®8TFRN
EQm.
SOMB PARTÎCULARS OF THE COMPANV’S CONCESSION.
The agricultaral and minerai pisail lities of &};ptare now occupyiqg increaiiug attention, j luis applies espocially to tha outiying pr.ivin-»0s of the codntry, away from the valley of the Mile and the proverbial fertili.ty of tho riperien rejii n. Tho C rpor&tion of Western Egypt, [Ad , which wss foimed iu Jaouary last, bas been grantod a oucession covering «bout
74.000	tquaro miles of landin theseprovinccs , bot, as the corporation issued no prospectus, no particule» of îté pruperties hâve beon made khowu. It ia stotod that the capital was over lubscribed, and the details that follow hâve been furnished to us by theoompaoy.
The landa owned by the corporation inulude the four oases, uamed respectively Kharga, Dtikhla, Baharia and Fârafra, whieh bear ovi-dénee, in their now silted Roman «relis, of oon-liderable prosperity b by-gone times, as a resnlt cf possession of that Msential require-ment b a râbles» oountry—an uufailiog snp-plyof water. Ths enginee» of the corporation havo exploitod thoao wcll*, bat it appean that it will uot be neoesaaty to rely on any such limitod sopply. The news has reached the oorporation that a pleatifal supply of water bas been strock in the oasis of Kharga uot farbefow the surfaoe, and,at a depth of 145 ft, aftesian water, by meana of keystouo drillers, yieldbg a sopply which rises 3ft abovo tho gtonnd
As a •naturel result of the disoovery of water by the engbeering sUff, attention is being directod to the natuf* of the oouoeesions hold by thé Corponitioa ef Western Bgypt, LtiL, from the Bgyptian Govemment. Uhief amoog these areland grants, which, ofoonrse, increase id value aa the permanenoy of the water sopply eau be assured. The estent of these land grants will be approciatod when it is etoted that the corporatuu is entitled to locate Govemment idnds at the rate of 30,000 Jfèddaos of land per ahnum for tiuxty y cors, making 600,000 fiddans b alL Wo nnderstand that the fint
30.000	feddans hâve been looatcd by tho corporation wbere there is pleaty of water, fnd that the necosaary application has been made té the üorerumeut. Tneee landa are free nnder the terms of the oonoeuion.
The corporation expect to drew large revenues from ths sale or leasing of lands ; bit besides tins the well-boring opérations are to be extoudod to other areas, and itisatatod that an agrceaeut of a favorable lature to the oorporation bas been already concludoi with the local omdehs, sheikhs and principal inhabitants of Western Bgypt for the boring of
well» f>f las ils other than Ahag* owued direqtiy ’jy tbe oompany.
The reilway, whieh wiH be laid in the near to tare to oouneot Western Egypt with the Egyptien State Kailway near Par.ihut, on be Nile, will eoable ths corporation to deal with the surplos produoe growu, as tbe district will b) plaoed in direct communication with Caire, «hère the data, ootton^and other crops are oxpocted to find a ready. market. The corporation has the monopoly of oonstrnoting this Ibe Irom near Parshot to the Kharga oasis. The diitaooeis aboot 120 miles, and the oompany has a guarantee of intoreit atîperoeut from tîu Ejyptian Govemment tor 25 yea» after the oompletion of the reilway. A survey was 00m-mencod in Jaoua-y last, and the oonstruetion will probably oooupy not more than a y cor.
A furthsr concession obtained hy tha oorporation relates to eartby mberels, bod» of whioh are stated to be very numeroua and over th* région of D ikhla espeoially extend aimait un-interruptod'y. Oobres, alams, phosphates and
Mbah^^ajàbee^pect^r to l«o»» importaat facto» in détarminiag the muai'are* of prusper-‘ty of the oorporation. A numUr of .amples and eptoimeos of these esrthy mme»ls are already at the oorpsratioo»offi» in Lou-loa.
It ia, of course, impoasiblo to dét irmbo as yet tha minerai producing capaoity of the 000-.eesiio i, but the oompany regard* itasauio» valuabîe a&set, and poiuU out that it bas, -0 V . speak, ail ready toh-ind, withoit tbe ueœs it) for unoertaiu prospeotiug opérations, elab -rut mitrug machiu jry an-1 expenùve labour. Tbe reilway, o{ coursa, will he equally avaikble for carrying the uhemiaally treated produets of thaïe earthy minerai beda to market as the orops of the cultivated laods.-
Amioing lioeose, oeding the right 4o prospect fur métal», minerai and precioo» stones *ithb the Ares of the oorporation s oooeewion, compteuw the taie of tbe apectaî- privilèges shich the oorpmhtion hoids from the Government. It is stated that the oompany has ample funds tor wurking capital;