THE EGYPTIAir GAZETTE, gAÏÏÏRPAY, AFRTL 29, 1MB.
INLAND NAVIGATION IN hU Y PT.
Bv SIR HANBURY BROWN, K.C.M.O. No. IL*
Haviug got rid of tollst in oar lut article lut us how return to tho considération of the jiiiysical conditions çoutruüing the river navigation, and wo will tlien poa* ou tu the main artlicial Unes unoil by the bout traffic. Now-that thu Assouan Dain and its looks arî in •vorking order, there is through navigation rom the. second eararact at Wadi Haïfa to :he œa, a distance ot 'J6a miles(l,6û0 kiloms.). lui» is Al iss Ainelia B. Edwards’ “One Thon-<iud Miles up the N île," the authoress haviug i cjuiphahod the jouruey from the toa to Wadi liai ta. The üiirty-ono miles roquired to : mpiete tho round thousand wero taken crédit ’.jt, as being included in the view from the top >f cornu beigbts at Wadi Halfa. Starting from Wadi liai fa m the suuth, and travelling down-. itream, the Assouau Dam is reached after a ou r lai y of 215 miles. (34.5 kiloms.), for about 'wtf.A ttlucli the depth ot water bas beeu ncrtaec 1 at certain rimes of tho year by the ict of stosing water above tho Assouan 11m» tho sire of vessels on tins reach is limited by he dimensions of the locks of the Aieouan iarn, wbich are 70 m. long by 9J ja. wide. l'here are four such locks in oue fligdt.
The uext reach, from Asaouau Dkto tu Assiont iarrego, ut 346 mdes (554 kilgtos.) long. The Vag Harnadi tuilway Bridge is passed on bis lengtk. The ihird ruach, from Assiout iarra^e to the Delta Barragg beluw Caire, is 160 miles (417 kiloms.) long? The obstructions o,navigation un thu reach are the bridges at 'aily, vit, the Kasr-el-Ni/ road bridge and tho tmbabeh radway bridge, soju to hâve added o them the Kodah Islaud uain^ay and road irjdge.
From Assouan to the Delta Barrage the di-neasious ol steamers are imited -by the sire if tlic Assiout Barrage lock, which is 30 m. ong by 16 m. b road. But nu boats of this sire au get into üie reach* unies» thoy are built luire, as the widest look ol the Delta Barrage issawidihof 14 33 m. only, and a leugiti ot il 45 in. In high 11 od it wuulu be possible to ;et a boai 6i 40 m. long and 14 80 m. wide uhj the Caire reach by bnugiug it iuto the f netta brench frein tbe gea ; and, lurther, it bure is ■ no régulation being. done ou the vinage, and it is fuily opeu witli ils gates ail aised, the leugth of boat would not be limited •y ibe length of the lock, as both pairs of its ates wonld be fully open. When, however, Lie conditions of ibe Nile discharge make it wpo»»ible to use this large lock, the width of ue other lock, namely,11*83 m, détermines be maximum beam ot the boat that can be ■assrd, and its leugth of 53*50 m. limite the uat length.
. in the DamietU firsuch Barrage there is no eoond large lock, and pasaing boats are iways limited by the 11 83 m. width of lock nd 53 50 m. length, exoepting when tho larrago is not being reguiated on and both pairs f lock gates are hxed open, allowing boats of ny length re pass. Five hundred mètres below he barrage ou the DamietU braoeb, and ,500 nu below that on the Risette brancb, re whatare known as tbe Barrage subsidiary eirs. Dunng flood, when there is suffioient epth of^water flowing over the weir crest, i-iuiers and boats eau pas» freeiy over them itbout danger. But wboa the depth is in* suihaent, navigation is provided for by a «k at one extremity of each weir, having \ mgth of chamber ot 64.25 mètres and a width t 12 métrés. Tue Zifta Barrage, reoeutly built cross at tbe DamietU Branch about half-way ctwoeu the old DelU Barrage and the Ma, is ruvided with a lock 65 mètres long by 12 uitres wide. Tbe length «feschof the JunietU and ItosetU Branches of tbe N de is .13 unies (236 kiloms.). Tm obstruction^ to he ireu passage of béats on these branches cave alr<a ly beeu euume sted. Navigation on ^e«*i» ouly possible dupfag the soaaun Dut
, ’.Vo I SI^MTSS la ou Issus» A . pnl la, ». «ad la tlk. «ruses sssaal wmo-VUa la loU» sn ihs rlrsrsad aasa *0, Ii.ua » an pnt'sSu.| tfc. s.sUuce ot IsUs os «wsUSU fends* was tU OU».
the river is in flood, and fora short time after, rougbly speaking for five months, from August to January inclusive.
The available dopth of water on the river from Assouan to the sea naturel ly varies oon ■iderably. In floodi there may be as much as 10 métrés or even more ; in summer under two nôtres, or even under ono métro at bad shoals Below the Delu Battage there ii praotically ao dischargo iu summer, os tho wbolo river is sompletely dammod by tho lowering and oaulk-ing of the Binage gâte», and overy drop of tbe Nile water is turned into the canals to be mado use of for tbe irrigation of crops. As the eflicient working of the Birragc bad ss its inévitable resuit the drying up of the river branches below it, and tbeir annihilation in summer as navigable rentes, it was oonrideted neoessary to substkute artificial chitfnels of navigation fat the naturel ones which had been wiped ont In spite of the shutting off of ail supply to thèse two rivor branches, the (ost reach from the sea for ai me distance np the branch ttill remaincd navigable on ASSnrnlrnf its depth aqd the backwater from thfftwKrjÇbora tho Barrage, as has been pointed ont, the result of its damming the river was to prodnee deep water betweon it and Caire ail the year round. Consequently, to restore navigation botween Caire and tbe towns of tbe Delu to the north ot it, what had to be done was to oon» tract navigable canals, or adapt to navigation existing canals, from the Delu Barrage to the deep water tail re iches of the river branches above Rosetu and DamietU.
Tho aubstitnte for the lÙeetta Branch was already existing at ths time that tho Barrage was rnade tffiiiout, but it requirod adaptation ro make it a satisfactory sutittitute, the principal work to be built being a lock to oonneot the canal route with the deep-water reach at the seaward end of the branch. The first reach of this line of navigation consista of the fine Central Canal cf tbe Delta, the Rayyah Menu-fia, by which the wholo of the irrigation nf the land lying between the two branches is effected. About 20 kubœs. from the Barrage the route Icaves the main canal and Ukes to the Bsguria Canal, and, fariher down, te tbe Kodaba Canal, on wbich is tbe Kodaba lock, whereby bouts pass from tbe canal iuto tho lower rivor. The cbannel of the Biguria Canal requires remodellingin width and direction befuro it can be oonsidered a satisfactory navigable way. The principal town passed on tbe way to Kodaba look is Kafr Zayat After passing into tbe river by tbe Kodaba lock, boats oan either go down tbe river to Rosetu or past it to tbe sea ; or may enter at Atfeh tbe Mabmudieh Canal, which carnes them into Alexandria, wbere there is a Uil lock oonneotiog the osnsl with the Maritime hXrbour.
On this Cairo-Alexandria route there are a considérable number of navigation obstacles, wbich I will not detail. It is, however, important to note tbe dimensions of locks wbich limit the dimensions of boats. If, during flood, bout) use tbe river route between Caire and Atfeh and thence tbe Mabmudieh Canal to Alexandria, the larger of two locks at tho Afteh entrauce to the canal limite tbe dimensions to an extreme of 54 m. length byl2m. width. Bot unless tbe conditions allow of tbe larger lock in tbe Delta Barrage passing boats, the size of boats using this route is limited by the smaller Barrage lock to 58*50 m. by 11*83 m., as already pointed ont
When the Rosetia Brancb below tbe Delta Barrage cea-ei to be navigable, the lock at the bëad of the Rayyah Menufia is tho coutrolling point, reducing the dimensions of boats to 8m. width, but still allowing a length of 54 m., as it has that length and a métré more to’ spore. Ten kiloms. from the bead is a short lock,< evidently a child of tbe Irrigation Department of former days bom ont of due time. For-tunatoly the rogulator with which it is asso-ciated is rarely reguiated on, and ao both pair "f lock gates can be left fully open, eo thatany boats that can get into the canal can pass this lock al*o, as it hss a width of 8 m.
On this route between Cairo and Alexandria there'are six State Hailway bridges to pass, and oneNir more Light Railway bridges, ao that the joaraey U not ail plain sailing, and
calculations of the time reqnired for goods to reach tbeir destination are oomplicated by tbe (insolvable personal équation, with its un-known quanti ries, of each of the native "oap-tains” of the bridges, wbo wonld count it lésa sbame to neglect tbeir dnty thon to negleot tbeir opportunities. What the boatmen should see to, in their own interesta, U that the opportunities for blackmailing them be reduoed as far as it is in their own power to reduoe them-And a very effective way of entting down the opportunities is to imiUte tho exemple set by an Egyptien company nnder Euglish direction. Tbis cunpany undertakes tho transport of goods by river and canal, and has so fitted np its barges that their masts can be easily lower-ed to enable them to pass under the girders of the railway bridgea at most seasons of the year. During the height of the flood only, the opening of the navigation passage bas to be awaitod. It may not bo easy 4o adspt the native boat of to-day and of the long past to meet tbe new conditions ol trafic crestod by tho construction of bridges acroas the navigable r iuto*, but it shoald not be difficult for experts to design a new type of boat snited both to the old oonditionswhioh continneto exist,acd to the new conditions as welL The Egyptien livee in an atmosphère that préserves much that is an-oient, and a |>eriod of less than thirty yoara, during which tho canal and river bridgoobstruo-tious hâve been multiplying, is as a day in any effect it mm produce on the slow ohanging boatmon of the Nile. Unless thb boatmen of to-day aud yestorday change in time, tbey may aoe th.'ir carryiug business pass to the boatmen of to-m >now, more ready to adapt themselves toachanging environment, aooording to tbe law tliat raies the world.
Tbere ia. in this connection an intereiting instance of persistenoe ot type in the Fayoum, fhich in some respects may be oonsidered an o tris eut off from the rest ot Egypt Exoept for quite a narrew strip of.. land aloug which the Bahr Yusuf flows, tbe provinoe is entirely surrounded by desert-^On that edge of it which is most remoto from the Nile Valley, il the L*ke Kurun, the persistent rudiment of the ancient Lake Mœris. On this lake tbe fi-hermen use boats of a description that, it would aeem, even a land-lubber oonld im-prove upon. The development of naval architecture must hâve been arrestod on this lake a long time ago. The shape of the boats and tbeir wbolo eqàipment do not perhaps belong to pre-histono time, but they are not much more modem Even the ancient Bjyptians used sails, but tho lako boatmen of the P.tyonm do not, so perhaps we hâve hère an example ot réversion to a more ancient type. Tbe pressure of oompetition does not reach this out-oftho-way pjeoe of water to which tbe flshermeu’s boats are oonflnod, and no obango of type is likely to be seen until tou ris ts, or tome other innovation, invade this hitlierto little visited corner of Egypt. Bat we must leave these intoreeting questions to the stody of the evolutionist, and get bstek to the Delta canals.
The navigation routo, which was intended to take tbe place of the Damiette brancb, was creatod by tbe construction of a new canal from th-i Barrage to Beuha, and of locks and rogulator* on existing canals north of Benha. The new canal is oalled the Rayyah Tewfiki, and the canals forming its continuation, the 8ahel and Mansuria. The lock, oonneoting the canal with the lowor part of the river, is at Mansura, north of which town it was expected that there woald al way s bo deep water. But this bas boen proved by later exporienoe to be a mistake, as tbe permanent deep water, when the Delu Barrage is tight closed, does not reach farther up tbe branch than Sherbin, a village 16 miles (26 kms.) below Mansura. In a dry summer, theroforo, through navigation between Cairo and DamietU is inter-ru pted by a reach of ahallow river between Mansura and Sherbin. No doubt this defect in the navigation System will some day be remedied by adapting to navigation tbe continuation ol tbe Mansuria Canal—known as the Sahel-Pareakat—and connecting it by a lock with the Nile at a point opposite or a little below Sherbin. Until that be done, tbe aubstitnte for tbe river route is a defective one. As long, however, as there is suffioient water in the river to float boats between Mansura and Sherbin—generaüy from Augnst to Maroh inclusive—vessels of a size that can pass through a lock 54i m. long by 8 m. wide can use this route to cairy goods between Cairo and DamietU, but for the gros ter part of this time the river, route is practioable and préférable The third through route, connecting Cairo with the sea, is by way of the Ismailia Canal, by which boats can go from Cairo to Ismailia, and thenoe by tbe Ship Canal to Port Said or Suez, or by the Sweet Water Canal to Snex. Tbe l»wer lock at Ismailia connecting with tbe Ship Canal is 37| m. long by 8| m. wide, and this limita the «ize of bo-its entering or leaving the Ismailia Canal. Iuside the canal the locks hâve a length of 37 95 m. and a width of 8^ m. The looks on the Sweet Water Canal to Saei bave the tatat width of SJ m., and,
with tbe exoeption of the Uil look at Snez, a ! length of 36.20 m., but, as they are always open, the leogth of the lock does not affeot tho sise of the trafic. There is, however, very little trafic on this oanal, as it has many shallows and much weed growth. The Uil look oommunioating with tho Golf of 8nez has a length of 89j m. Boats, thereforo, 37 m. long and 8j m. wide can go anywhere on the Ismailia System of oanals.
There is one other fine navigation line which is worthy of spécial mention, that, namely, frets the Delu Barrage to Rahbem through the Central Delu by way of the Menofia-Sbibin Canal. The limiting lock bas 39*20 m. length and 7 m. width. Ail tbe other looks bot ans hâve a width of 8 m. Some day, if the boat trafic developes sufficiently, it may be oon-sidered worth while to enlarge tbe 7 m. locks to a width of 8 m., or to bnild new ones to the standard width. The Karanoin Lock, which is one of tho narrew ones, has a length of 21 m. only, bat, being high up the oanal, bas gene-rally both pairs of gates fully open. Otherwise its length of 21 m. limita the size of passing boats. Unless it is found unneoessary to nse the regnlator with which this look U combined, it is evidently désirable to build a new look to the standard size.
The standard aires of lock chamber adoptod in the Dolta, as thoae to which fatnre looks shoald be built, are as foQowi :—
Metree. Mètres.
fl) On tho Nile branches... 64 24 by 12 (2) On the N île from Assouan
to Cairo ................ 80	by 16
(8) On main Unes of canal navigation... ............. 55	by 8
(4)	On seoondary linesofcanal
navigation........... ... 85 by 8
(5)	On feeder linos in tbe
' North of the Delu... ... 27.75 by 6 It is a matter for regret that standard dimensions woro not laid down before sorne of the comparatively modem locks wero dncigned and built The depth of water in the canals varie* considerably at different seasons, but not to snob an estent as tbe depth of the river varies. GenereUy speaking, a depth of 2 m. can' be relied upon on the main linos, with a minimum of 1 m. in sommer ; on the seoondary line* perhaps rather less ; and on the feedor Unes from lj m. to a bore mètre.
On page 19 of Lord Cromer’s Report on Egypt and the Sudan in 19<>3 (Egypt, No. 1, 1904) tome Interestlng figures are gfven to show the increase of navigation in Egypt subaequent to the romoval of tells. Tolls wère generally suppreseed from January lit, 1901, and it is in this year that tbe increase of navigation began in a docided manner. But as the Kasr-el-N il Bridge tolls wero suppressed two years earlier, tho retnrns for the year 1898 are osed, in the oase of the Barrage, for pnrpoae of oomparison with 1903. In Egypt the sizei of boats and their oargocearereokonëdin"ardebs." an ardeb bciug oqual to 5.44 bushela The inland water ho rne traffio from and to Alexandria is ganged at rbe Atfeh looks, through which boats pass in and but of tbe Mabmudieh CanaL The figures giron below are the smns of tbe number pf boats passing inwards and outwarda, whether loaded or empty. The “ardebage" in the oase of the Atfeh locks I bave not been able to ascertain :— v	Number of boats
Year* passingAtleh locks. Remarks.
1898 ..... 5,795 ......] Tolls in force.exoept
1899 ..... 5,431 ......-Kacr-cl-Nil Bridge
1900 ..... 4,564 _ . from 1899.
8S“rSSa;cl «5J32*
1903 ..... 23,1 99 .... everywbere
Tbe suppression ol the tolls of KasT-el Nil Bridge bad little eflect, as the peyment at this bridge used to clear the Barrage, so that this first partial soppreesiou of tolls resnltod in little more than payment being mode at the Barrage instead ot at Kasr-el-Nil (Cairo, Tbe numbere and ‘'ardebage” of boats wero not affeoted till after the general suppression of tolls. Still, to exclude any possible effect that tbe first suppression may hâve bad on tbe Barrage figures, tbe year 1898 is selected for oomparison with 1903.
Ibs figurée are as follow v—, Number of boats passing river . , , Xe“* and oanal looks at the barrage Ard°b*' np and down.
1898 ............ 15,867 ........2,414,601
1903 ............ 37,880.........7,676,365
It will be seen that the effect of the rem oral of tolls has been nnmistakeable and immédiate.
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements
Under this heading advertisements are in-serted at the following rate* :—
0X0	8 TUUS 6 TIME)
15 wordj	. . .	P.T.	6	P.T.	10	P.T.	16
30 wordj	...	„	8	„	18	„	24
Brery 10	word»,	\	«	.	»
beyond 30. . ,	/ »	2	" V"	6
A DVBRT1SING AGBNT&—The best public ^* Adyertiaing ntei in Alexandria	to
G. Vestri & Co., Advt Agents, 8t. Cathennes Square. Spécial rates for permanent clients. Moderato terms. Prompt despatch.
25642-31-12-905 A RB YOU FURN1SH1NG 1 lf so, see list of Bs-boaiss in elegant Household .forai1 tore and fitungs, the property of a gentleman prooeeding on leave. Apply early, R A-S. Poste Restante, Cairo.	25837-6-6
L>LICK TYPEWRITBRS, Na 5 £9, Na 7 ■D £11. W.T. Emmens, 99 Rue Attarine,, Alexandria, Address, Post Uffioe Box 35.
80-6-905A
llORMAN &C0. havejnst roœived a further L> shipment ol Summer Cloth, la test patterns. Suite to measure by a tirsvclass Kngluh cutter, from P.T. 250. Soie address, Cbenf Pashz; Street, Alexandria.	‘J5844-6-4
L^NGLISHMAN (26) désires position in Cairo -U or Alexandria, in Sound oommercial liousa FngiraH, Prencb, Sborthand, and ,l'yP«,rnting : well acqoaintod with Stock Kxchange and general commercial work. Excellent refmenoee. Sound health. Commenong salaiy £200. X., care “Egyptian Gazette" Ofioe, 86, New Broad Street, London.	258506-3
EXPERLBNCED PERSON, highest referen-oes ; useiul in îiluesk, travelling ; several languagea ; offen services voyage in exchange for passage to Europe Adoress, Sü., Poste Restante, Cairo.'	25865-4-1
tANCAJ&TER HOUSE, Sharia Wabour-el-I Moyah, Cairo. Comfortahie apartments, with or withoat board. Tenus very reaeonsble.
25599-15-6-905A
'IX) BB LBT lor the summer a well-furnished -*-House «ttuated in tho Boulevard Kamleb, faciug the sea and close to the Ramleh station; oontauuug 8 rooms, bathroom, etc., and tele-
teFor full partieoiara, address H. J. L., vial Club, Alexandria.	25835-6-6
rT0 LET for 4 months, airy Honse in best part of town ; dose to the sea. Apply, No. 25,846, “Egypoan Gazette" Offices. 25846-3-3
CPO LET, Ibrahimieh, summer, Furnished i- House ; two fiais ; gardon ; splendid situation. Apply, Na 25,8o4, “Egyptian Gazette"
Offices.________________________25854-6-2
,« ANTED a Germon Clerk for Bookkeoping T T «nd Correapoudenco in a PaSsenger aud Insurance Uthca Apply, Post Box 600, Cairo.
25849-6-3
W ANTED immediately nurse for Baby one month old, and to travel to England end ot May ; or Passage offerod there in exchange for services. Apply, Mrs. Vanxeller, Coastguard Service, Suer.	25866-3-1