TH1 gggg QUnWTi, SATOBDAT; APBIL 2a, 1905.
CNUEK THE MOSQÜLTO NET.
"At liage a-tJiinkyngc."
Ingoldsby.
It u still boliday time wib us. The Oreek and Ooptic Cburcboa are oelobrating their Eastêr, and everybody on Mouday will bo 'smeUing the zéphyr”, which ia what the nome of the boliday—Shem-en-Neesim—meana when trauslated into Eogliah.
•
e •
Albough tbo suspension of basiness on thi» day ia général, and everybody who can take tho bolidiy doos so, little ol the boliday élément ai we kuow it in Kngland, u to be aeen in the'large cities of Egypt I suppose it is in the ootuitry districts that the people may be seen pujoying thtmselvee to the faU, aooording to be uuatuma^l b^oounlry. The “Egyptien Caloudar" itatM^that 01je of theie U for womenop thia day to lake an onion and bruire it, and thon to hang it on the door or wail of the bouse. Sopeeumes a wife wakes her husbaud in the morning by bringing the onion and usitig it as a charm ‘to drive away tho hearinoos of the giaour.” The origin of the custow, we are told, is lost in antiqnity.
• •
According to the calendar, Shiem en Nessim û the tirât day of the Kbamaeen period, bnt we bave already had one or two very good spécimens of the hot-winds that are asaociated with this penod, and-that of Saïurday last was, if I may iudulge in a slang terni, a ‘caution’. The tbermouieter rvgistcred a trille over 100 degrèes Fahreuheit b the shade, and suoh a température lias nut beau exoeeded in Alez-andiia in more thon four ont of the laat ten yeans the bighest reading during that period beuig 105 degreea in May, 1901.
# #
lt is interesting to team ou the authority ol a well-knowa autour,that bot,' dry, and charge ! with «and and dusl as this wind is, ils immédiate effeut is not weakening or depressing, but To many persons, on the cuntnry, «orne-what stimulatmg, though when it blows steddily for bree, fixe, or more oonsecutive days and nigbte, more or lees lassitude is generajly fëlt
• /
I oan uuite beliave it, and hopo that five or more days expérience wf last week’s/beat will not lall ui our lut many time^ during this year’s Khatuseens. But it is /Consoling to be told that those who paas throngb the period without suffenug will find' the months that foiluw far lésa trying.
^e
The Arabe hâve a «b which refera the origin ot the Khamseen wind to a period of &fty days during whidh Cain eanried on his shoulders the wàating body ofhis brother Abel.
e
e •
Poor fellow and probably with no snch thing as a tin of carbolio powder, or a bottlerof eucalyptus oil in his possession I
Tantah fair, an amuaing account of which appeared in tho "Gazette" of Tharaday, must havebeen a big afiair if the correspondent who wrote about it was even approximately donect in his figures. He atates that, in addition to those who trevelledby camel or came on foot, somo 700,000 persons wore oatimatod by the Bailway Administration to hâve oome to Tantah by train.
•
e •
Seven hundred thousand railway passengera! N®rly three quartera of a million ! A tenth part of the number woold seem a mighty hoet, and hâve required a few ’apedals,’ but even talring the number at that, the sight must hâve beeo a remarkable one, and well worth a long jonmey to see.
And yet it must hâve been a melancholy sight, il it be true that b Egypt a fair is "a boliday devoted to immorality, indeœncy, drunkenness and useless extravagance.”Having been suspeuded for four yeara, it may well be asked wby Tantah fair was agaiu allowed to be beld. lt is sad to read that "a poor fellah was beaten to deatb" during the crush at Fridsy prayera b the Moéque, and one can only hope that it wss a pure accident, and that the Word cruahed1 can be substituted for beaten.
Lord Cromer in hia Report for 1904 (page 45) «eemv dispoeed to aooonnt for the in crosse of crime b this country by soggesting that it il a resuit of the growth -of proeperity. He says: Largo numbere of persons, wbo but recently were very poor, bave now beoome moderately rich. Having tasted the enjoy-ment of wealth, they wiahto beoome richer, and in their dbire to sVain their object, they are fan-more freqoeo^y than beretofore brougli into collision with othere who are seeldng precisely the Mme object as them»el/ea.
In order to tofit tho probable aoenraey of this assomp'H'n, an exhaustive aoalysis of the criBinsl .Utilities is i.eoesmry, and this I hâve not at présent had an opportunity of making, bnt I mention it hère beeaoae it seems to me ytrj aoropoa to the inbject of fair», It is not
at ail likely that the bereaae of wealth spokao of lailed to bave its etfect at Tantah ; indeed on every hand are wo facod by diflicalties caused by the newlÿ-found wealth of the Egyptien fellah, and Lord Cromer lias my beartbst sympathy as he writea,—“It il obvioualy no easy matter to deal with the spécial économie and moral phase throngb which Egypt and the Egyptiaus are now
There is one appeal 1 woold make, and that is an earnest one to the eduoated native, and especially to the native press, to accord Lord Cromer ail the possible support they can b his efforts to so.ve the many eoonomio and moral questions that aie prpsabg upon him with bereased formai Ü»ar that the tone of the nauvo press in dealing with his Report is not entirely a saüsfactory one.
• •
So far I hâve only seen a translation of the art iule b “Al Express," but as this paper is edited by an îufiuonUl ex-Uovernmeut official, it dues not propage a very favorable reoeptiun of Lord Cromer’s suggestions as to the Capitnlationa. Tue remark (whioh 1 preaume u oorreotly trauslated) that “the Anglo-French agreeuieut will mark in histocy a very oonvbuiug pruof of LordCruinera great abbty b puliuos, lor the joke he has played ou the Froiich .Republic," is to my miud oouceivod iu a Spint hardly suitabletoquestions ol senous import, whiie ttni ouuuuitiou that the Cousular authonty is exerted efibctually ou toreign snbjects,is mauifestly îucompatible with the ooudition ot atfairs existing bob b Cure and Aiexaudria.
I toink, too,that buse who are really ge-nuiuely desireus to see their country oocupy agaiu a portion lu be World ooipbénkurate wib tu former greatnous snuuld rejuice rathei thaucavil at the preseut excellent relations exisiihg ootweeu tno Kuedive aud Loru C remet as be rcpreseuUtive ut Gieat Brnaiit, aud do ail iu beir power to help iucuudolidating be efTorts bob are putting lorth lof^Kgj-pi ■ oeuefit	“	r
•
e e
The oo mm en ta of be English Press on the Report bat 1 bave seeu are on be whoie disappointiug and sapeifibaL Few papera aeetu to caie to go deeply iuto the many questions Osait wib b the 149 pages of winch it oonsista, and nearly ail conteut t hem sol vos wib very oommonplaoe remarks on the Capitulation,, Anglo-French agreement, etc.
.%
There is however une very notable exoeption. The “Daily News," a paper seldom seen in Egypt, and generally ooluidered to be be orgau of “Little Eugtanden," writes of Lord Cromer b an appréciative spirit that is very different trorn be hackueyed form of expression so oommouly adopted. There is real iee.bg di*p<ayed in the foUowing extraota, wib which 1 will ooudade my remaries bis week. \
“It is pleasant to turn irom India and Sonb Airica to the admirable raie of Lord Cromer b Egypt. Hère is a man wbo does not ad remue, and wbo rnlei be laod over which he is set wib a sympathy and a capacity which gire him a high place wib be great Proconsuls. We doubt whobor bore is auy parallel to bo work he has unostentationsly carried on for Borne twenty yeara. He hasorganised a nation. He has given be dwellera by be Nile a socurity and a proeperity bey hâve not enjoyed literally for bousands of yeara.
“On the land question Lord Cromer’a policy is admirable. The roclaimed land, for whioh there is a great demaod, he ad vises the Government not to sali at présent When bey do seil he saggests sellbg it b small plots, so as to givotbe follaheen a chance of purehasing it How much this wiso policy of girbg be people the land is responsible for be suooess of Egypt is évident Ip the last four yeara the number of land ownen bas bereaaed by nearly a bnndred bousand. Cannot Ljrd Cromer b ring bis wisdom of be small holding and be •gricultoral bauk to beuighied Eugland !"
T. A.
V181TOKS LIST.
WINDSOR HOTBL, ALBXANDRIA.
Mr. William Croesby, Mr. Victor Ammar, Mr. H. Gbali, Hassan Bey Rida, Mr. A. Salonberg, Mr. F. R. Stent, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gabriel As Car, Mr. Michel Faaby, Mr. mille Eeldany, Mr. Pelx, Mr. Platzmann, Mr. Ehrlicb, Mr. Reiser, Capt Heally, Mr. Max Schilller, Mr. Davidian, Mr. and Mme Joanovich, Mr. Paleologne, Mlle. Mavrooor-dato, Mr. Hughea, Mr. Ramaay, Mr. Pat-tenoD, Mr. aud Mme Vivaute, Mr. Kémal, Mr. Sifford, Mr. Rolin, Mr. Rad mâcher, Mr. Jacobs, Airout Bey, Mr. R G. M«c Lçod, Mr. Ph. Vlundi, Mr. de Gramer, Mr. Bortoo, Mr. Henri Delmar, Mr. Baerlocher. Dr. 8. E. Coraellis, Mr. Pekmwian. Mr. Rifcmnt, Mr. BouUd, Mr. A. Psoerle, Mr. and Mme Papadakis, Mr. Z har, Mr. Audi, Mr. Zararani, Mr. Feragio, ‘Mr. A. J. Tweedie, Mx. Bonbaalis, Mr. AiftirL
EGYPTOLOQIGAL NOTES.
THE KARNAK FINDa
Tbo details of M. Legrain s disooveries at Karnak are given in be ouvrent number of the RecuM de Travaux, and prore qui te as inter-esting as was antioipatod. As has been already anuounced in bo oolumns of be “Egyptien Gazette" his chief disoovery was that of a pit or well, b which, when the water was at last removed, bore appeared no fewer than 457 statues of one kbd or anober, and nearly 8,000 bronze figares of Osiris and ober gode M. Maspero’s opbion, hère reoordëd, that be pit was a/umssa into which were oast thbgs past rervioe belonging to be onlt, would not lead o ,e to suppoee bat bey were ail b a pond suie of préservation ; but M. Legraiu’s Own beory seems to be that bey were throwu in ail at one time and b haato. Protn bem he is able to show bat be site of ancient Thebea covers treasures going much furber back than bas bitherto been booght poasibleend he hopes bat furber excavations may lay bare monuments as archaio as anybing hiberto found at Abydie or Negadeh, Hietaampolis or Baqqa-rah. Meauwhilo he tells os of a new kiog, Mer-ankh-Ra, a Mentuhotep of bo elerenb dy naxty, who seems to hare been be six b of ♦bat name. There are also a Urertseen IV., a Neforhotop III., aud a Subekhotep VIII., to be added to be Int of kiogt b beshadowy period betwoen the twelfb and be fonrteenb dynasties ; and we bear fer be firat time ot a
Ët reign sbared between Hera-sob-kheuot IL, lently be last Tanite kiog of the twen^y-dy. a-ity, and be Libyao soldier Sheshpnq I., who was probably King Solomon’s suzerain. M. Legrain is also able to eetablish from his divwvaiios regular pedigrees of tome of the kings of be tweuty-seoond dynasty, inclading Sheahonq himself) Osorkun II., and a Horisiesi, who seems to hâve roiguod oonj jintly with be Inst-named. The article will clear up several disputed points in be history of Egypr, bot bo full cffects of M. Legrain’s find will qply be seen when his monuments are pnbliahed, which will probably corne tq pais in several numbera of the gigantio Catalogue of the Carre Muséum. This mode of publication, though defenâiblo, is- a severe tax on the resouroas ot Egyptologi-ts, be Catologue having already ex’eaded to some seventoon largo volâmes, enting on an average some 2/ apieoe.	,
— MASPERO v. M ANE THO. Meanwhile M. Maspero has rotures 1 to a s ihjoct alway» uear to his he.rt, an I orges i i tue saine number of tbo Recueil bat Manebo’s staiements wib regard to be eight-eenb and uiueieenb “dynasties reqoire oor-1 naction. IILi visw iT that Manebo, in the furm in which be has oome down to ns, dosa not distinguiah between hiatorical facta whioh he was in a position to venfy and popnlar tradition, as exemplified in the “Lqper" story of be Bxodns and elaewhere, and has bere-ftire oftea mootioosd ths aame ldog twioa. nnder slightly differont nam as. Thia i« likely enongh to bave .been the oaae in the oarlier dynasties, as there are some signa that the lingto of different reigns has been muni-pulated oither by Mansbo or his transmit-tera in beintensta of a mystioal ohrono-logy, whioh wonld make hiatorical events oocur in regular cycles. Bat M. Maspero now deslares that Manebo’s liste of be eight-eenb and nineteenb dynasties oan in no ♦&y be reconoiled wib be sériés of kings given in the Abydos and dlher tables, ot *ib be aotnal monuments that we hâve reoovered. He would berofore hâve us believo bat kings like Maoebo's Khebros, Misphrag-mouboeis, and Misaphris ne ver had any real axiateaoe, bnt were legendary monarohs like Ses os tris or Osymandyas, to whoffl be popnlar imagination attribntêd, in exaggentod form, be real deeds of bo different Amonhotope and Rameses. M. Maspero’s authority in ■nattera Egyptological is so great bat every-bing that he says doserves respeotfnl attention ; y«t, if his views prevaii, a good many qherwbo-i idols will be shattered.
TH B AS80ÜAN DAM.
If there are any whoie fear* for the Assooan Dam give them sleeplen nights (says “Enginoor-ing”), we oommend bom to read be 'etter by Sir William Willooeks whioh we borrow from be “Egyptien Gazette” and priât on anober page, lt is popnlar bnt it is convinoing ; and sinoe there is no word about the new beory of vertical oleavage which bas so perturbod many good people, we may take it that 8ir William Willooeks snffera no anoasiness on bat ao-oount He knows what be dam is made of, and on what it ia fonnded ; it is made of ths most tenacions oement mortar, and it is tied on eitheAide to be solid granité by cernent, but in be caioulation of its strengb be dsm has been regarded as mnd and be oement as “so mnoh plum jam.” It ia fonnded on granité rock, “reganiless ol oxpense, and super vised in every detail by sound engineera.” Henoe Sir William has be feeling of assurance without which knowledge is not wortby of be rfsms Possibly his sentiments towards Messra. Peareon and Atcherley are very mnoh b ose of Algazzali be Ambian who, having oonvinœd himself that ten »as more than bree, remark-ed bat “if odo came to ma and said, ’On the oontrary, bree is more than ten, and, to prove the trab ot my assertion, I will ohange bit rod into a serpent,' and if he were to change it, my oonviotion of hia ereor would romain nnchaken. HiamancDUvre would only produoe in me admiration for bis ability. I sbonld not doubt my own knowledge.” We suspect that Sir William Wiüooaks admires be ingenuity ot tho t«o grest mathcmaticiana, bat we are sure that be does not doubt his own knowledge, and is quite happy b Us miod sbout ths itrengb U ths dan.
KHEDIVIAL LEVEE.
ORDBR OF RECEPTION.
On be oooasion of his departnre for Alex andria, H.H. the Khedive will hold a rooeption at Abdeen Palace on Monday next, lit proxo., when visiton will be reoeived b be foUowing order
At 8.SÔ a.m.—'The Uléma ; be General Assetnbly and the Legislative Council ; the Goveraor of Caire and the Moudir of Ghizeh ; naval and military offioera of be rank of Bim-bashi and upsrards.
| At 9 a.m.—Tbe officiais of be foUowing ‘ Administrations : Offices of be Cooncil of Ministers ; Ministry of be Interior ; Sanitary Administration ; Prisons Administration ; Répression of 81ave Trads Department ; Gonver-nnrat of Caire ; Moudirieh of Ghizeh ; Pinanoe Ministry ; Postal Administration ; Cosât Gnan) Servioo ; Pnblio Debt Commiseion ; Daira 8a-nieh ; 8tate Domains Administration ; Administration of Railwaya, Telegrapbs and the Port of Alexandrie ; Pnblio Works Ministry ; Ministry of Jnstioe ; Ministry of Pnblio Instruction ; Ministry of War ; Ministry of Foreign Affaira ; Wakfs Administration, i A19.80 O.BI —T.H. be Prinoes of the Rhe-> divial Family ; the President of tbe Council of Ministers and the Ministers ; the Finaaoiel 1 Adviser ; the Judioial Adviser ; the Advisen at be Ministry of the Interior and of Pnblio Works, the Uodar Secretaries of State.
At JO a.m.—Tbe former Presidents of be Connoil of Ministers, Ministers, Sirdan, Grand Masters of Ceremonies Chiefs of tbe Khédivial Cabinet, Chief Aidee-de-Camp, Direetop of the Khédivial Kbaasa, Dirootora General of Wakfi,; Undsr Sooretario* ol State, Diteoton General of be Daira 8anieh, Domains Administraton, and Administraton of the Bailwaya,Telegraphs, and Port of Aiexaudria, unofficial civil and military perso nagea having be rank of Lewa or Onlaf 8inf Sani and npwards ; offioera of be Navy and Army on pension or on the retired Hat, of be rank of Kaimakam or Miralai ; civil Beys not in office, of be rank of Moutemaiz and Sanieh.
At 10.80 a.m.—The Diplomatio and Con-snlar Corps.
At 104S a m.—The Pnblio Debt Commia-sionera ; tho Director General and ControUera of be Daïra Sanieh ; be Admbistrators of State Domains, bo Administntora of be Railway s, Telegrapbs and.be Porto! Alex-andria.
At 11.18 a.m.—The field rfficera of- iha Anny ol Occupation ; be Clergy ; be Mixed Magi-trac y ; be Native Magistracy.
At 1146 a.m.—The Khédivial Connsellors ; native notables and marchants ; Européen notables and marchants ; be officiais of be civil and military households of His Highnass be Khedive and of the Khassa Khédivial.
This rooeption ia roeerved to penons résident in Caire.
Tbe military wiU be in nndress nniform and civilians in frock coats (redingote).
Tbe civil oOeiale to be admitted to bis rooeption are boue holding, at least, be rank of sub-director or an équivalant rank, and boae holding, at least, be rank of Sanieh àt Kaimakam (military) and magistrates appoint-ed by decree.
H. IL be Khedivah will also hold a rooeption at Konbbah Palaoe on Monday, when she wiU reocivo as follows : —
From 9 to 11.80 cum.—The Prinoesses of be Khédivial Family and native ladies.
From 480 to 8.18 p.m.—European ladies.
At S.tOp.m.—The wives of mombera of be Corpe Diplomatique.
ST. V1TU8’ DANCE CÜRED.
BY DR. WILLIAMS’ PINK PILLS.
Daily growingmore oommonin sbool children, St Vitua’ Dance is one of be most difficult disorders to cure. Ordinary médiane often fkils to tonch it Tbe great snocoss of Dr. Williams’ pink Pilla in this ailment makes bem impor-
Mre. Owen, M Bath-street, Newton Heath, Manchester, mother of a child cured, said
“My Uttie gtrl had à sfight aoddent in be Physioal DriU lesson. Fora time 1 kept har et home, and when sho want to sohool again bo poor little thing oould not do beslightost thing without tremhling wib nervousnoss. Sometimos be nearly fainted.The Sohool Board inspector saw that be had St Vitns' dance. Her arma and neck began to twitoh ; it waa pitiful to see her. She wonld flnb about tha face, and was often sick. She never weot ont to play wib ober cbildren-Sbe waa very weskl too, and I did not know what to do. St Vitns’ danoe is a terrible sffiietion. Tbe snffierer is moving, twitebing. starting, ail be time. Yon can do nothing bnt wotch her wss te away, never~at reet. That was Minnie's at to before I gave her Dr. WiUiaas’ Pink Pilla for Pale People. She was betterafUr the very firat dose, and from bat time she kept on stoadily improv-ing. I bave great faib in Dr. WUliams' Pink Pilla. For ten yeara I havè seen them effect many wonderful curea, even more marvellons than Minnie’s.”
Prom St Vitns' danoe to Paralysis and Looomotor Ataxy, bese piUls bave effected wondera in nervons diaordera. Tboy enrib and pnrify the blood, and feed the starved nenres brough bo blood. 8aatiea, Rheomatism, Tvcmma, Ricketa, An®mis, Décliné and Consomption bave been 00rod repeatodly, as weU as the ailmentsof ladies.Dr.Williams’ Medicine Co., Holborn-viadnct, Londnn, will forward, post froc, one box for 2a 9d.. or six for Us. 9d. ; but bore is no diffionlty in purehasing of any dealer, if cure be token toavoid snbstitntoa
*8old in Egypt by ail ohemists at P.T. 13 per box or P.T. 70 per 6 boxes. Can be bought at be general dépôt : Max Pitcher* Caire, Hôtel dn Nil 8t (lst floor), and Alexandria, Rus SUabçul, No, î,