THJ EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1306.

THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.
SUBSCRIPTIONS.—Alexandria, Cairo, and the Interior of Egypt (including delivery in Alexandria or postage to subscriber’s address) P.T. 231 1/2 per annum, P.T. 116 for six months, P.T. 80 for three months. Together countries in the Postal Union P.T. 273 (£2.16s.) per annnm. Six months P.T. 136 1/2 (£1.8s.), three months P.T. 92 (£0.19s.) 
N.B.—Subscriptions commence from the 1st or 16th of any month.

ADVERTISEMENTS.—P.T. 4 per line. Minimum charge P.T. 20. Births, Marriages, or Deaths, not exceeding three lines, P.T. 20. Every additional line P.T. 10. Notices in news colomn P.T. 20 per line. Contracts entered into for standing advertisements. 

SUBSCRIPTIONS and ADVERTISEMENTS are due in advance.. P.O. Orders and Cheques to be made payable to the Editor and Manager, Rowland Snelling, Alexandria. London Offices : 36, New Broad-street. E.C.

THE "EGYPTIAN GAZETTE" IS PRINTED ON PAPER MANUFACTURED AND SUPPLIED BY THE LONDON PAPER MILLS Co., LIMITED. (SALES OFFICE: 27, CANNON STREET, E.C.)

The Egyptian Gazette
An English Daily Newspaper, Established in 1880.
Editor & Manager: R. Snelling. Price: ONe Plastre Tariff.
MONDAY. APRIL 24. 1905.
THE COMING FIGHT.
This morning’s telegrams state that all the Baltic fleet left Kamranh Bay on Saturday morning and that in the afternoon of the same day a violent cannonade was heard off the bay. It is believed that the engagement was between the Russians and the scouts of Togo's fleet. If so we are on the verge of the greatest naval battle which has been fought for just one hundred years. Since the French and Spanish fleets went down to destruction, before the genius of Nelson, and the valour of British sailors, off Cape Trafalgar in the Autumn of 1805, there has been no pitched battle on the seas between two first-class navies. Navarino, in 1827, when the Turkish squadron was destroyed by the combined Western fleets, hardly counts, for one of the combatants was so hopelessly overmatched. The fighting at sea in the American Civil War, though interesting, was not very important, because it occurred in the infancy of the steamship. Nor was anything of serious moment achieved on the water in the Crimean War or the Franco-German War. The battle of Lissa, between the Austrians and Italians, in 1866, was the only example of a considerable naval conflict, before the battle of the Yalu eleven years ago, when the Japanese crushed the Chinese marine, and that of Santiago, when the Americans disposed of the Spaniards off the Cuban coast.
None of these transactions, however, will in the least compare with the impending engagement for which the world is waiting with bated breath. Here, at last, we may witness a collision between two great fleets of first-class battleships and armoured cruisers, both equipped in the latest fashion, and commanded by officers thoroughly familiar with the handling of modern weapons of destruction. The spectacle maybe appalling, but it is assuredly fascinating. Most people believe that when the battle does take place it will end in a victory for the Japanese. If the Russian fleet were wiped out completely, nobody would be greatly surprised. Yet there is an element of uncertainty which must not be altogether ignored. The Russians are brave men, and though their fleet has been strategically mishandled throughout the war, the achievements of single ships have done something to redeem its reputation. Courage the Russians do not lack, nor obstinate endurance in the face of danger. There is some sturdy seamanship among the Baltic sailors under Rodjestvenaky's pennants, and it is of course possible that he may have a naval genius or two, some Paul Jones or Dundonald among his captains. On paper his fleet is formidable enough. His four great ironclads are pretty nearly equal to the best of Togo's, and the actual weight of metal, discharged by those of his ships which can “lie in the line,” is superior to that of his opponent. But as this war has shown, it is the man behind the gun, and the man in the engine room, who count. Togo's vessels are commanded by officers who thoroughly understand their buisness and manned by crews of unequalled discipline and determination, it will be strange indeed if this magnificent force, full of energy and patriotism, does not reproduce on the sea the triumphs won for the banner of the sun-rays by land. We are at any rate on the eve of another of those memmorable historic events with which we have been almost sated during the past twelve months. 

THE BALTIC FLEET.
DEPARTURE FROM KAMARANH.
VIOLENT CANNONADING HEARD. 
SUPPOSED ENGAGEMENT WITH TOGO’S SCOUTS.

Sr. Petersburg, April 22.
The latest telegrams seem to indicate that the fleet has left Kamaranb.	(Reuter)

Paris, April 22.
The French Government is officially informed that Baltic Fleet left Kamaranh Bay today for an unknown destination. (Reuter.)

St. Puetersburg, April 22.
(Official). The Russian squadron has left Kamaranh Bay.	(Havas.)

Pekin, April 22.
The Governor of Hainan has just cabled to the effect that the Baltic Fleet is coaling off Hainan.		(Reuter.)

Tokio, April 22.
Japanese emissaries have observed at Kamaranh two cruisers cruising outside the harbour 5 vessels resembling battleships and also 1 battleships flying the Admiral flags are anchored inside the harbour and 6 warships are anchored outside.	(Reuter.)

Saigon, April 23.
After the departure of the Russian squadron a violent cannonade was heard in the evening outside Kamaranh Bay. It is supposed tha an engagement took plaoe with the Japanese scouts.	(Havas.)

Paris, April 28.
The "Temps" learns from Saigon that at 10.40 am. all the Baltic Fleet left Kamaranh Bay. At noon on Saturday a violent cannonade was heard off the Bay. It is supposed that an engagement took place with the Japanese scouts.
Four Russian transports are at Saigon. (R.)

Saigon, April 23.
The Governor prohibited the 4 Russian steamers embarking a large quantity of coal consigned to them. They were only permitted to take on board a sufficient quantity for the voyage.     (Reuter)

FRENCH NEUTRALITY.
JAPANESE TENSION RELIEVED.
St. Petersburg, April 22.
It is understood that France confined herself to transmitting the Japanese protest. Russia replied that the precise whereabouts of Rodjestvensky were unknown and, therefore, was impossible to say whether there were grounds for complaint, but they would communicate with him as soon as possible. The Admiralty promptly despatched yesterday evening a message to Rodjestvensky, which however, he will not receive for some day. The Admiralty state that the telegram announcing the arrival of the fleet in Kamaran Bay took four day in transmission.
(Reuter.)

Paris, April 22.
It is stated that the authorities at Saigon have ordered the Russian cruiser “Diana" which has been completely repaired, to disarm and to hand over the essential part of her engines.	(Reuter.)

Tokio, April 22.
The newspapers maintain an unfriendly to and comment on France's inaction. Popular feeling is growing more intense despite the efforts of Conservative organs to restrain the expression of resentment pending negotiation. (Reuter.)

Tokio, April 23.
The French reply, promising the expulsion of the Baltic Fleet from Kamaranh and affirming the determination to maintain neutralty has been received with pleasure and has relieved the tension of popular feeling. (Reuter.)