THE EGYPTUN GAZETTE, THÏÏR9DAY, APRIL 27, 1905.
TANTA H LAST WEEK.
ALL THE FUN ÜF THE FAIR.
(Fhom a Tanta h Corrkspondbiit).
Tantab, April 23.
Tho célébration of the fuir of Sayed El üadawi ai Tautàh, tho capital of Lower Egypt ami where tho stupondoua mosque of the saint stands wnh iis nuiuerous lolty minarets, bas takon la>t week a uew aspect to the approach-ins visiter from Caire or Aloxandria.
Imieed tho colobration of the fair this year after a long cession of fonr yean, as circurn-stanoe tien neceesitutod, reptosentod to the eyo of the aged native who in olden timo had ■ pportutnty or ratber an ill laV> to endure the boavy weight ot riiapacles to jfve in the thoœ dark âges oi tyranuy and oppression, the ditïerencoiii a wide scope betweeu the cursed old days of injustice and the présent droamt of davs of liberty and freedom.
lt is indeed very striking to observe the aged fellah now sitting in the beat ooffee house bo ebooses, where the high officiais and notables usually meet, in enjoying both the liberty granted him and tho drink moat snitable to his taate.fearing neithor criticism nor threat-ening. '
The tair, oh, the grand fair, the splendid fait, but after ail tho destructive fair that attracts but to injure, that calls but to ruio, that fascinâtes but to mUrder, and at length the great Egyptien fair, that does not in any way correspond with the technical définition of the word.
A fair is a great periodical market devoted eitber to eue kiud of morchandise or to afford iipportuhity fur inost of the sales and purchase» of articles, lu Egypt a fair is a feàst or say a huliday devoted to immorality, indeoency, drutikenness and useless extravagance. The word is abusively used and thus Tantah during those daj-s of the “Mulid” was infected with what is-commonly cailed “faite plcamre.”
The town was really in .motion, the men of tho Delta Ligbt Railways and the State Railways, the Markets were delighted beyond mea-sure ; the hôtels weie thickly peopled to such a degreethat you eould scarcely fiud lodging for balf a pound per night ; (thoestimate,toarie by the Rail way -. Administration sho ws that 700,000 persons hâve corne to Tauteh during the fair, this of conrse besides those who came on foot or on camel backa), (ûo cafés were filled to éxcecS and the G rock/' wine mère hanta used to meet the fellah with a smiling jaw of welcùme.
At night the town fronfc the sonth repre-sented a moat striking view. Handreda of tenta and kisqnes 1-oked like domee ilia mihated with bundreds of lantems from the ou table and dec rat’ed with chandoliers from tha interior which was occuÿied by notables end religions men engsgcd in making the ‘Zikr which in no way agréés with the'Moham-medan Iaws and which tho toreignera* are apoloeired to oriticûe when they see it Men, women amj childreu of different families and localides slept together on the gronnd near the tenta, thus causing much ooquetry or at least casting some donbt.
The natives used to corne till lest Priday almost On camel bocks set with sedan chairs and led by the moon light Camels are fond of singing and thus the ridera on entering Tanta werebesrd singing sweet Arabie ballads that rémindel the audience of the aneient Arabs and hnw they travelled before railways were constructed.
Tbo mo-que, the small univereity, but after ail tho second largest in the country, was visited by hondreds and hundreds of fellahs who are sdll ignorant to kiss the threshold of lhe mosque and talk to the dead occupant to help them.
List Priday there was an impressive tragic scene in the mosque. The visitera met in the mosque for performing Priday prayera. So much was the crowd that there was mnch fiuhting in tbo mo que for seats and the result was that a poor fellah was beaten te death.
A noneommissioned officer was charger! of having played a part in the tragody and an inqniry by the Parqaet is still proceoding.
There were many dancing caffes tbough the Mudir had alrearly is.sued an order to stop such folly during the Mulid. There were many public women of some artifioial Lcanty (if I may be permitted to say so) tbat . )«reaaded many rich fellahs to Open bnn-rlreds and hundreds of bottlea ofbeerwhioh action is oonsidered as a token of loyalty and true ' love.
In short Cxiro and ita follios tlew with the carrent tbat brought the news of the. célébration of the fair.
Priday bas passed with its bad omens and tbe riritora are returning te--thëfrxlp8idence after leeving heaps of dirt.teat requireX» long time to clear away. !	\
When will such follios cease ? when will tbq Egyptians recover their senses and oopy witb keen interest usefnl manners ol tbe Européens I when/will tbe men of religion probibit snch uonrenhe I when will tbe oonntry enjoy true plea^pfé ? are questions tbe answer» for which bave impetiently keen longed for.
I do not mean tbat faira shoold be stopped altogether, but I only dream of the day wher such fisira will repreeent to the occidental! the decency and magnanimityof tbe Egyptiens [We hâve lefl the ebove in its origina Englisb, as it would bave lost a great dea by pditing.—Ed. K G.]
À KM Y A.ND NAVY.
(Paon oub Correspondent).
London, April 14.
Captain C. G. M. Blomfield, 4tb Battalion Royal Warwickahiro Régiment, at the Curragh, bas bcen selected for service with the Egyptien Army and is to proceed at once to Cairo. Captain Blomfield joined tho Warwicks seven yeara ago, and bas oommanded a company for the past three and a-balf yeara. He is the son of Rear-Admirai Sir Mast-ie and Lady Blomfield, of Alexandrie.
Tbe date of the move of the Ut Battalion Royal Inuiskilling Fusiliers from Derry to Belfast bas not yet been definitely announced, but most likely it will take place in September, after tbe summer drille. It is many yeara sinoe tho old 27th Inniskillings were in Belfast. The 2nd Battalion, now at Cairo, was there in tbe “eighties."
Mr. A. M. Goltr, the maa who was the cause of the Bœr War of 1881 which ended in a British defeat at Majnbe Hill, bas just d>ed at the Cape. Mr. Gglrz was lsnddro«t at Poldrefs-town and in virtue of his offioe seized the waggons of a Dutch fermer, Piet Bezuidentwut, who bad refused to pay taxes to tbe British Government. This aet precipitated the Boer outbreak.
. . --------------
On reoommissioning for two year»’ further service on the Méditerranéen Slatiou, Captain P. P. Tillard bas been rcappointed,t<r,tbo command of thir- battleship “Londdu.” She will be refitted at Malta.
Tbe minihg operation» formerly carH^l on by tho sbipi of the Mediterranosn PJeet in the Levant dering tbe winter raontbinjra to
be discoptinued.	_	X——
Tbe new plans devised by tbe Admiralty for tbe improvement of the gunnery practice of the Navy came into efîect for the firat time this year. The name of “auncal test of gunlayers” bas been giren to tho preseribe<l compétitions. As far as possible the firing will be under similar conditions to those which would pertain on activa service. No black powder will be osed, and the distance of the target from the ship will be varied considéra-bly, ranging from 1,400 yards up to 3,000 yards.
Some of the targeta for these compétitions will be fixed to rafle, tbe sire being 16 J by 21 1 ft., and the speed of the sbips at the time of firing must not be les» than 12 koots an hour, while a time lirait will also be fixed. The time allowed for each ron will \be as follows—12-inch and 10-inch guns 3 mhtQtes, 9.2 inch gu ns 2 J min., 7.5-inch guns 2 minutes, 6-inch guns 1 minute. No increesed money granta tor those who prove suoces-ful bave been arranged as yet, but distinctions will be given to the bost gunnera, in order to enoourage tbe men to put their best- endeavoura into tbe work.
The story now being told about the tactfnl way in which Vice-Admiral Sir W. H. May rebulfed the Kaisers ccriosity during his Impérial Msjesty’s visit to “Ring Edward VU." reads like oue narratod of the Kaiser and a bluejacket Tbo German Emperor bas the bump of inquisitivenees pretty fully developed. Whilst going over à British man-of-war some few montes ago he asked continuai queetions of the men be saw at varions dutiee. "I do not know your Majesty,” was tbe invariable reply he got At last the Kaiser suspecting that the ignorance was aasumed, not real, said witb a smile to the signalman, “You do not iDtend that I should leam much aboard this ship t "I do not know, your Majesty," answered tbe man. Turning to the offioer who aocompanied him the Kaisor remarked laughmgly, "If your men can figbt as well as they caa ke *p their coansel they should be invincible.”
SPORT AND PLAY.
FOOTBALL.
2ajROYAL INNISKILLING PÜ8ILIERS.
P Company r. D Company.
Tbo above teams met at Abbassieb in the seoond round of thePootballShield andLcsgue. D Company poesess eight points, whilé P Company aco creditod with seven pointa for the same number of matebos. Both teams put on their moet available eleven, Duffy, Portia, and Peroy making a weloomo appearance after their recent injuriée. At the appoiDted time for startiug the roferee lined his men ont in tho foll- sritig Jt/rder : P Company — Goal, Collias ; bicks, Duffy and Page ; half backs, Weir, Bond, and Portis ; forwards, Percy, Swoeney, Smytb, Templeton, and Bradsbaw. D Company—Goal, Dudgeon ; backs, Wiltiam-son and Raftces ; half-backs, Gnerin, Ardis, and Johnatone ; forwards, Prealey, Davis, Gray, Gorman, and El lia There wonld be about 400 apectatora présent when Captain Smyth, having won tho spin of the ooio, eleoted to defend theroed-way goal. Play in the opening favored P Company, who got away per Sweeney, bat Williamson relieved by sending into touob. Dudgeon was now cailed upon to handle, which he did well: D Company now‘ got down but Page and Duffy seot them to the right about. Thiogs looked glum for the red and white brigade as Percy missed by a hair’s breadth. On the kick off D Company pressed but Davis shot very wida The groen’s front rank got away per Smyth, who passed to Sweeney, who in turn gavo to Percy and the latter dodging Williamson sent in a nioe centre and Smyth ruahing in had no trouble in sooring the firat goal for P Company. Op resumiog D Company tried to get away but Bond was proving bimself a good half-bsck and play ,waa reveraed towards Dudgeohi but Johnstoue relieved, but too lato to avert disaster', as Bond with a terrible gronnder sent up tho .second goal for the Greonsbirta. A little rough play was now indulged in. P Company were having mattora ail their own way and faroed a cotoer, which proved of no value. For the third time in this half D Company crossed half ways but Gray’s parting shot went wide Smytb, Templeton. and Brsdshaw | wero now »cen to advantage and one shot of Templeton dt-eerved a better fa*a Midfield play now f .Uowed for s'fcbile until Smyth got away, but Johnatone relieved and Davis got down. Portis, bowever, was on his track and operations were once more round Dodgeon and oompnny, and Dudgeon cleared hiscitadel once more. A /ree was asrarded against D Company for a broach of tbe mies. Duffy was entmsted with tbe kick—a fast shot and a good one, the bail finding the top corner of the net, making number three. From this on D Company were a beaten team and never once did they show the same play or dashing rpnsas their opponents, who deserved tb^irq^als on play. D Company now vrakened up and Gnerin put on a sport but Weir and Bot-d were ever on the move and the “little ’un” did not get Jar. At this stage the front rank of the gréons were playihg a moat magnificent and surpriaing game and it was of little wonder to Dudgeon when Percy slipped the f zurth oito past him. D Company now reali«cl their position and made tracks for Collins (who up to this was a spectator) bat he was not cailed epon to handle as Elliot sent psst Half-time was now approaching as Percy mvle a burat away and elcding a oonple of opponents c»ntred, but Templeton sent sky h:gh over the bar when with a litt’e more iiiigment he must hâve found the desiredspot From this until half time F Company had mattora ail their own way. Half-time soore
F Company ........... 4 Goals.
D Company .......... NiL
After the umuI interval and refreshments both teams took 'he field again. Smyth start-ed tho second moiety and Peroy was the means of takiug play towards Dudgeon, but Raftus relieved tbe pressure and Prosley got on a good ran, but Portis was on him and play vrai seen in the vicinity of Dudgeon, where a scrimmage ensned. Bradsbaw, bowever, sent past. On the kiok-off D Company got away bat Page and Daffy were ail O. K. and retnrn-«d time after time. The red and white-shirtied brigade were playing a better game in this half than in the pravioas one. Collins was cailed aÿ6n to bandle, which he did in a clever mannerftjBough play was the order for some time, 9«0rin being responsible. A corner for F Company looked bine for D Company. Artis,-bowever, saved the sitnation only to see Bond return the leather towards Dudgeon, but the latter saved by sending into touch. Some give and take p'ay followod, for so far P_Com-were having the best of exchanges and Peroy and Sweeney were playing woll together. and it took Dudgeon to be in his best forai or >ls8 the soore would hâve been a lot larger. .Atthia stage Percy was showing some of Steve Bloomer's old form and getting away on his own be sent a terrifie cross shot in to the nustodian, who in saving oonceded a corner. This was well taken by Portis, but Williamvn relieved. Tbe Greens were now put on tbe défensive but Bond was playing a hard game and robbed Gorman time and again, for so far only one team was in it and that team (as may be readily guessed) was not D Company. The spectatora now nrged their favorites to play np. 8myth got away and eludiog a couple of opponents be gave to Peroy, bot tbe latte* was given off eide and this helped to pnt *h* greens on the defenoe. Howaver, EUint wher in a good position sent wildly part. On re»nm ing the green brigade got agoing. 8ome excit ing play was witnessed "between Smyth an* Gray, the former ooming ont beat P Companj were now playing a splendid oombinatioi game and Smyth vrai proving himulf thi
missing link as centre forward for the greens. The way he fed his wingi was a pcrfect treat to watch. Tho best run of the match now took place, Peroy, takiDg the bail along the touch line, sent in a fast croes shot which the custodian failed to reach, this being the fifth final and last goal of thp match. Even play now followed until the long wbistle sounded for full time, leaving P Company winnera of a sensational match by the following soore :—
P Company .............. 5 Goals
D Company .............. Nil
KHEDIVIAL YACHT CLUB.
Tbe following is the resuit of yeaterday’s regatta
CLASS I
1	Tierel Mina 2.56.32 4.22.50 Capt Borg
2	Léman 3.05.25 4.26.59 de Planta 8 Minnie 2.55.35 4.28.32 de Couroy
Celtic 3.03.10 4 28 54 Capt Evans
CLASS II
1 Laurea	8.38.00 5 09.03 Prince Aux
2 Calypso	8.26.27 not taken Dr. Rudolph
8	Jeasica 3.17.19 5.24.07 Grafton Boy Altraba 8.19 37 5.26.35 8ag. Phillips Cattellaya 3.20.01 5.37.54 P. Baratrd Tanta 8.24.39 5.39.11
Ironie	Gave	up Mr. P. Girard
Shamrock	„	M. P.Gentilli
Masr	„	Mr. Pransis
Gumrook	„	A.Chitty Bey
Tbe wind was modérately freeh from N.W. by W. and althocgh a beavy sea was expected it was not so great as anticipatod.
Tbe “Tier el-Mina" again won in Class I. and'did not bave the “Banshee" and “Jenny" to run her close like lasf week.
In Class 11. the “Laurea” as usnal rame h) finit and tho "Calypso” seoond, although as her finishing time was not taken it is difficult to say by huw much she was beaten. The "Shamrock" uufnrtunately broke her mast when outside and the “Ma/-r"gave np tbe race to tow her in. Tbe “Gumrook” mu>t hâve made some mistake in her slarting time as when her fltg was broken she w« mai œuvring off R w el Tiu Palace, and therefore did not malta an attempt to cross the lino.
A. a C. LOTTERIES.
Tbe lotteries to be beld at the Khédivial Club on Saturday, 29th inst, will, it is expected, be very well attended. A large nomber of ownera are ooming and many prominent Cairo sportsmen also.
ALEXANDRIA SWIMMING CLÜB.
In order to close tbe acoonnts for season 1904-5, the hon. treasarer would be glad if thoee membera who are in arrear by non-pay. ment of their aubscription or otherwise, wocld kindly remit him the amoat due withont further delay. P O. Box 171.
SPOKEN ARABIC OF EGYPT. (SECOND NOTICE).
Nahwy, or Misproncxciation.
Perhaps the ebief value of Mr. Willmore’s book is that it forma the firat Pronouucing Dictionary of Spoken Arabie for Euglish studenta. However much you may pride your-self on your knowledge of literary Arabie, however much you may despise the veraacular, take our advioe and read Willmoro's exercises aloud, firat to youraetf, then to your servant, who will be astonished at the wooderful book from which his master reads alood the trae spoken language. And after that you need not fearthe opprobrious epithet of "nahwy," or pedantry, being applied to you. Pronounce properly, and you may indulge in the higheat-flown Arabie. Pronounce badly, and you will romain a "nahwy."
Wby is it that some of us who bave lived 20 yeara in the oountry and hâve studied olassical autbors, are still a failure in speaking Arabie I Because we bave never taken the trouble'to leam the correct pronunciation. Wby is that some yoong offioera and civilians, new-comera, are such a suocess in Arabiot Because they bave a correct ear, and hâve picked up the true aooeut like ohildran, so that their native subordinates awear by them as being good scholara, “yaraf arabi tayyib.” Hère is a short lesson
Tbe artiole is “il," and not "al.” You should say il-beit, lefendi, linglis, not el beit, el efondi, or el-inglin Auwil, firat, and not awwaL Use the vowel “i” whenever you can ratber than a or u. Soften the a and u. Say id-duhr, noon, not ed dohr. Say iddihni, give it to me, and nnt aateeni zalik. Do not say ala sban, but ashsn, for, on aocoont of.
Do not say for “did you not hear me,” ma samaataneesb, but ma gmihtiqeete I On every page yon will find sometbing of interest in pronunciation. Boy the book, test it with any Areb you like, of any ois sa, and you will find the verdict unanimous that the prononciation il pcrfect In conclusion we may say that this is a book e-pecially intended for be-ginnera, witb graduated exercises. It has been I oompilcd with infinité pains, a eonscionsness r of which grows upon the stodent as he toma i the pages. A monumental work which will
9	lire.	Ç.
Cheap Prepaid Advertisements.
Under this heading advertisements are in-wrted at the following rates
ONCR 3 TIMES 6 TIMES
15 words . . .	P.T.	6	P.T.	10	P.T.	15
ÎO words ...	8	,,	16	„	TA
Bvery 10 words, \	„	-	.
beyond SO. . .	/ "	2	»	"	6
The addreas is oounted. The advertisement must appear on oonseoutive days for above rates to be obtained. 50% extra is charged for advertisements notappeànng oousecutively.
U1 such advertisements must be prepaid, «d to this rule no exeeptii» whatever will be made. Letten In reply to advertisements will ne posted to any address if a few stamps are sent by the advertber to eover postage.
ADVBRTISING AGENTS.—The jmetpubHc ^ Advertiaiag sitos in Aioiaadria Imlnng to J. Vos tri & Go., Advt Agents, St. Cathenne’s iquare. 8pecial rates for permanent clients. Modéra te tenus. Prompt despatoh.
25642-31-12-905
A RE YOU FURNISHING 1 lfeo, see Est u- of Barqaixs in élégant Household furni-mro And fittings, the property of a gentleman jrooeeding on leave. Apply early, K A-S. ^te Restante, Cairo.	35837-6-4
DLICK TYPEW1UTERS, Na 5 £9, No. 7 D £11, W.T. Emmena, 99 Rue Attarine, Aloxandria, Address, Post Offioe Box 35.
806905a.
[jORMÀN & CO. heve just rooeired e further sbipment ot Summer Gloth, la test patterns, lutta to m essuie by a hrst-ciass Engiiah cutter, rom P.T. 25a Sole address, Gbenf Paoha Stnet, Aiexandris.	25844-62
L'NGLISHMAN (26) désires position iu Cairo G ur aicxauorto, ui auund uuiuuutcial Uuusà buigiisb, FibucIj, bLoitesua, and Typewriting ; »uu lu-quainted wub btoex Excliauge and ieueial uuiumtsroud wotk. Excellent rclo.eucea. souuu healtn. Gumuienumg oaiory £2U0. JL, are ''Egyptien Gazette” ütboe, 36, New Bruod itieet, London.	25850-3-1
I ’OVERNESSES or lady’s maids in want of G* situations may apply to Mary Lunbertini’s uffioes, Rue César, 2, Ruelle Miani, Alex-andna.	25819 6-6
H ENTLEMAN, 82, perfect Frencb, English, G* Uerrnuu, seeks position ot trust General lusiness abüity. Best reierenoes. Address, A. M. 741," Deaoon's Adverunng Uffioes, Leadenball St, London.	25851-1
U OUSE TO LET, Ramleh, from July ; close U- to aea ; 3 sitting-rooms ; 6 bedrooms ; jathruom; bot and cold water ; stabling ior hroe; large gardon. Apply, Na 25,813, “Egyp-ian Gazette offioa	25813^-6
ITOTEL ASSISTANT, knowing Prench, HL 1 talion, German, Ureek, Turltiah, Rou-nanian, Englisb, Russian, aud Arabie, désires x»t u Draguman, t'orter, or Waiter in Hôtel ir Restaurant Apply, Na 25.84U, “Egyptian Jazette" offices.	25840 3-3
I ORD CROMER'S RBPORT.—Copies can Li be obtained Cf Borman & Co., Cbenf Pasba-Street, prioeP.T. 6 per oopy. 25826-6-5
r ANCASTER HOUSE, Sbaria Wabonr-el-U Moyah, Cairo. Comfortable apartmento, with or without board. Tenus very reaaonable.
25599-15-6905A
I OST, Sunday, Fox Terrier dog, large saddle Ht mark ail black on back, tan about the lace; answera to name “Flock." Pinder reward-ed. Apply to Rowden's Stable, Porte Rosette. Boyera are warned.	25888-3 3
UR. J. P. BERNARD, the meet Fronch inventer of numéro us medical producta for the cure of almost every chronio disease, Los arrived at Aloxandria and will reçoive patiente free from 8 to 9 mm. overy day exoept Sunday, at 26, me Salah el Dîne et Cheickh Aly el Lessi, Immeuble Ahmed Yassim.	6 6
DEQU1RED a competent Junior Bookkeeper, lu âge 20 to 25, with some yeara expérience in Européen office and knowledge of English and Prench. Salary L.E. 7 per mouth to oom-menoe with. Apply by letter to P.O. Box 603, Post Offioe, Aloxandria.	95848 3 1
|‘0 LET, at Ibrahimieh (Ramleh), 5 minutée 1 from the station, for the summer season, a Purnished House of 7 rooms and a large gardon in good condition. Spécial terme tor English families. Apply, No. 25,802. "Egyptian Gazette" offioes.	\	25802-6 6
TO BE LET tor the summdt a well-foroisbed A House situated in the Boolerard Rsmleh, fadng the sea and dose to the Ramleh station; oontamiug 8 rooms, hathroom, eta, and tele-’ phone. Por full particulara, address H. J. L, Khédivial Club, Alexandrie.	35835-6 4
TO LhT for 4 montbs, airy House in beat x part of town ; close to tbe sea. Apply, No. 25,846, "Egyptian Gazette" Offices.. 258468-1
.» ANTED a German Clerk for BookkeepiDg " and Correspondance in a Pss-enger and Insurance Offioa Apply, Post Box 600, Cairo.
8684661