THI IGYPTIUr GAZ1TT1, WEDNBBDAY, APBTL 26. 1306.
THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.
SUBSCRIPTIONS.—Alexandria, Cairo, and the Interior of Egypt (inolading delivery in Alexandria or postage to subscriber's address) P.T. 231} per annum,- P.T. US for six months, P.T. «0 for three months. To other oonntries in the Postal Union P.T. S73 (£2.16*.) per annum. Six months P.T. 136} (£1.88.), three months P.T. 92 (£0.19s.) N.B.—Subscriptions oommenoe from the 1st or 16th of any month.
ADVERTISEMENTS.—P.T. 4 per line. Mi nimnm charge P.T. 20. Births, Marriages, or Deaths, not exceeding three lines, P.T. 20. Every additional line P.T. 10. Notions in news column P.T. 20 per line. Contracts entered into for sta&ding.advertiaementa.
8UBS0RIPTI0N8 and ADVERTISEMENTS are doe in advanoe. P.O. - Orders and Cheques to be mada payable to the Editor and Manager, Rowland Snelling, Alexandria. London Offices : 36, New Broad-street. R.C.
nut ■ *gyptlan oazxrra- xs rsorrsD on run KaxuraoTOUD axrr acrruxs toy rax lom do* rsm acinus co. ujcitkd. (sauts orricx: tr. caxkom strut. xo.>
The Egyptian Gazette
ta KafUak Mlf )mrmr, BaUMIakaS la IMS.
Editor & Manager : R. Sbelubo.
Prloo i One PlcaSi-e Tariff.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 26.. 1905.
BTAOQ1NQ IN EGYPT.
Recent events in connection with company promoting might lead the man in the street to suppose that of the million pounds of cash recently paid into the Anglo-Egyptian Bank in Alexandria and Cairo to oover the applications for the ten. million shares in the last flotation, there will shortly be some £300,000 available for investment elsewhere. In our opinion this is absurd, for it toast not be supposed that all this application money is money awaiting investment It is to a great extent money borrowed, money temporarily withdrawn from other uses, or money scraped together somehow in order to snatch the premium on every share allotted. The premium quoted in the market on recent flotations for some days before the subscription list was opened was in a great measure the secret of the enormous number of applications. People thought they oonld be immediately selling their allotments, and would at once secure a handsome profit on the money suooessfally deposited for a few days. Neither the question of the soundness of the business nor the desirability of the investment ever enters the heads ot these stags. The rush was to a great extent one of premium-hunters and not of investors, and we would suggest to thoee who may be arguing among themselves that if more companies similar to those reoently floated are offered to the public they will meet with as good a weloome, is not by pny means a oertainty.
The stag has always been a puule to issuing houses in every fiuancial centre, and no satisfactory means has as yet been discovered of eliminating him. The issuing capitalists do not desire to eliminate the stags among their friends, but they do desire to eliminate the stranger st^g. For a time it was onatomsry in London tojfmake allotments as lreely as possible to small applicants, and the stag, seeing this, split his big application into small sums. Then the issuing bouse took to disregarding the small applicant altogether, mbch to the disappointment of the stag, who abandoned his triokery. Seeing that most 'of the last Japanese loan was issued once again to small applicants, the stag at hotoe most find some difficulty in knowing how to effectively apply, while the issuing house is pat to some trouble in dodging him. There is, however, a new way, made in Germany. In oonneetion *ith the important new Imperial loan, *r. arrangement is made by which thoee who do not dtfrire to ■ell their allotments for six months pay 10110 pet cent, while thoee who deeire4*-4ell before that must pay 10120 per oent The arrangement not only givee the real investor an advantage over the mere stag, but it ai«> enables the iseurng house to discriminate between the two classes of applicants Per hap some day we shall adopt tbs system for Egyptian flotation*
THE B1LTIC FLEET,
NIEBOGATOFFS DIVISION.
wheiuTis rr ?
. V .	Nbw Yoax, April 25.
The oorrApondent of the “New York Bun” at Saigon has arrived from Kamaranh. He reports peaaing’et 10 o'clock on Bon day morning, 30 miles to the south of Kamaranh, nine large vessels, inolading a battleship and cruiser. He believes the vessels form Niebugatoff’s division.	(UmUr.)
Kamaranh, April 25.
It is believed that twenty Japanese destroyers passed off tue bay on Bunday.' AUanot.)
Lobdob, April 25.
Although the whereabouts of Niebogaiuff are unknown, it is notjdbahaved that'he parsed the Btraits of Malaoc^S^ueived, even it be has crossed the'Oeeen/^	< Assnsr.)
Saioob, April 25.
The Baltic Fleet has captured two steamers from Seigon to Jafcan laden with rice. (Jt.J
RObJ^iSTiSrER.
Saioob, April 25,
It is stated in Kamaranh that Kodjestvoiiaky is now better.	. (Heater.)
JAPANESE HOSPITAL-SHIP.
Lobdob, April 25.
The "Morning Post” learns trom Shanghai
that a Japamxie hospital Stop passea (He Taug-tse estuary on Sunday afternoon. She was travelling southwards.	( Heater.)
TRAIN SERVICE TO MUKDEN.
IjOBDOB, April 2& •
Renter’s correspondent with Oku reports that the first train ha?- reached Mukden, crossing the Hun-Ho on a temporary bridge. A regular servioe bom Dalny is being arranged.
.	,	(Heater.)
THIBET.
THE MURDER OF THE AMBAN.
Lobdob, April 25. '
The Government has received from Peking confirmation of the murder of the Am baa and the whole of his escort. There are no parti culars.	. (Heater.)
SITUATION IN CRETE.
Rome,' April 25.
M. 111100! and the British, French,, and Russian Amba^adors have Conferred together on the snbjeot of the situation in Crete. (B.)
Malta, April 25.
H.M.3. "Leviathan," with Admiral Lambton on board, •'Lancaster" and "Minerva” have left for Crete.	(Beater.)
franciKand morocco.
DETAILED DISCUSSION PROCEEDING.
v	N. Paris, April 25.
The "Temps” learns from Tangier that a detailed discussion on the French proposals is proceeding at Fes. The attitude of tne Moorish Government appears to be quite satisfactory An agreement has been reached ou several essential points._______ . (Beater^)
BANKER'S HEAVY DEFALCATIONS. £300,000 LOST THROUGH SPECULATION.
Chicago, April 25.
Mr. Bigelow, President of the Pint National Bank at Milwaukee, has been arrested for defalcations amounting tb £300,000 through speculations in wheat.	(Beater.)
UNVEILING OF GAMBETTA’S STATUE.
Bordiacx, April 25.
The unveiling of the statue to Uambetta was a solemn ceremony.	(Hanot )
. EPSOM RACES.
Loxdoh, April 25.
Great Metropolitan Stakes. 1, Long Turn ; 2, Karakoul; 3, Oaro City.
Getting 8 to 1 against Dean Swift-; 100 to 9 ,gainst\Laveuse, Ob Pharisee and Queep’s Holiday; 100 to 7 against Vril and Sansovino, (Jtmttr.)