TH1 IGYPTIAy GAZ1TTB, S \TURDAY, APBIL 29, IM6.
THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.
SUBSCRIPTI0N8.—Alexandrie, Ceiro, and tho Lnterior of Bgypt (including delivory b Alexandrin or postage to subacriber’s eddrea») P.T. 331J per ennnm, P.T. 116.for six montha, P.T. 80 for three montin*. To othoi ooontriee in the Postal üuion P.T. 273 (£3.16s.) per sunum. 8b montha P.T. 136} (£1.8a.). three months P.T. 93 (£0.19s.)
N.B.—Snbecriptiona oommenoo from the lai
or 16th of any month.
ADVBRT1SEMBNTS.—P.T., 4 per lbo. Mi nimum charge P.T. 20. Bjrths, Marnages, or Deaths, not exoeeding three linap, P.T. 2(i Every additi mal liue P.T. la Notices in news oolamn P.T* JO-per line. Contracta entered into for standing adrertisemants. 8UBSCRIPTION8 and ADVERTI8BMBNTS are dne b advanoe. P.O. Ôrdera and Choques to be made payable to the Editer and Manager, Rowland Snelling, Alexandrie London Offioes : 36, New Broad Street. E.C
un •sarnux auirrr xs wuntxd ou paru KAiruracTauo and sotpflxkd
BT TH* LONDON para MILLS O*. LHOTXD. (SALX9 orne* : *T. OANMON STBUT. B.CJ
BIRTH.
Ht*tTTïfXH. -A I SJsxtodria, an XTth Uut., iho wltê at Cap A. r. Bumii. of » m
The Egyptian Gazette
!■ ii fini d*ii/ iniMfir. i*uiini*s u tua
Bditor & Manager: R. Snkllibo. Prloei One Piastre TarlfP.
8ATURDAY, APBIL 29. 1906
THE CAPITOLATION8 AND THE
FUTURE.
Orer saren pages of Lard Cronior’s Report are devoted to Mr. Bronyate's Note on the Capitulations, and we are bnnnd to «ay thit they oontain some docidedly J fHohlt roadiog. Crowded with tacts, parenthetical, often invol ved, they require to be read two or three times before a olear idea of their contenta oan be formod or the inferenooi, whioh the writer eridently wishes bis readers to make, drawn from his apparently disoonneotsd sontonoes. Thns on page 92 we find “A large number of ohildren are employod, and cases bave oome nnder notice of their being employed for 16 honn and opwards a day. Thore is a certain amonnt ot dangeroua, and sometimes nnfeneed machinery.” Hère the writer loaros mnch, too mnch b fact, to be inferred, and in reading the. note for the firet time one might fail to draw the obvions oonolosion from the promises giron above that the tired childreo mn risks of fatal injuries or mutilation from the maohiaes whioh they are too weary to notice or too week to aroid. We mention thase points in no hostile spirit, bat simply to draw the attention of our readers, whom the prospect of modifications b the Capitulations interesta or alanns, to the neoessity of reading the note not onoe bnt many times. They wil) find it charged, and rery heavily oharged, with tacts —and spéculations u to the fntere as well—and they will learo why some of the reforma whioh the Press has urgently de-manded for some time past oannot be granted at odoo. The note may gire the impression that its autbjor wonld hâve been more in his element in a rigorously destruotire oriticiam of the Capitulations,—with the hammor rathar than the disseoting Icnife,—bot it is wsll worth stndy, for it does not oonfioe itielf te a study of the obstacles throwo by the Capitulations in the way of progressive législation in the present, bat tooohes on new diffioaltiee that will probably anse in the naar future.
The min;ng induitry haï attained a oonii-derable development in the last fsw jHxt, and
there ia no reason to doobt that it ia destined to bave a prospérons future. Mr. Brunysto however points oot possible, indeod probable, causes of trouble whioh only the modifiée tien of the Capitulations oould adei j uateiy rernove. The risk of an ou t break among Euro peau workmsn employed with Arab labour is uuhap-pily no new thing, and an affray between such . workmen might lead to very serious disturbances in the mbiug areas and poesibly cnl-minate itr unplea-ant international misunder-standing». The polioe do indeed possees powera of arrest, but that they would be beuevoleiitly interpreted in any particular case by the Consulate oonoeined is {ather a bold eaaump-tiou, and the shgbtest unoertainty oàj tbis point might tend to disooursgo the polioe from taking the tespon-ibiiity of rapid and vigorous action, perhaps the only meaus of ohecking a daugeroas émeute. The oonseqoences.of inoi-dents of this sort wonld be eveu more anplea-sant sbould they take place in the north-westeru ooast districts whioh are being developed or to be developed by foreign capital. A quarrol between a Européen and, tay,. a Walad Ali Bédouin might bring ermed msn down on a farm or settlement, and might even nécessita te the employaient of severe repreesive measures on the' part of the Government. It u easy to imagine the ooaree of such an affair. A, a •abject of the Idngdom ot, say, Baraterie, querrols with. B, a Bédouin, and wonnds him.
C, the polioeman on the spot, aaka certain employés of the Lybian Association (who are employing A as a snrveyor) to persuade him to aurrender himself without any fusa A, perhaps the only Européen ou the spot, whioh is 40 miles from auywhere, s tonus and quotas his Coosalate. The polioeman (C) seeks instructions insteed of arrestiog A, and mcan-timo* B’s friands turn ont with gu ns and cheap revolvers end essai] the buildings that hopeinl capitaliste hâve erectod. Property is destroyed and lives are lost and the Government finds itself obliged to send something like a small punitive expédition into the desert, though ail the trooble would havo been avoided if C had knowu that he was entitied to arrest A^and A had been certain that 0 was within Lis rights in so doing. This u perhaps en extra me case ; granted,—but it is a possible une m'a spersely-populatod country of great distances.
Then there is the question of the chbmists and the Pharmacy Régulations. Ail the bost éléments in the pharmaoeutioal profession deôred the Government to iniist :hat no persoo produoing a foreign diplôme and demanding a liconse to praotise. in Egypt should be granted the lioenM till be had sucra ittedto some test of his Session*! skill. Thenkato the CapitulationsUje üuvemmeat was onable to éoforoo any suoh lests, and con-seqaently, while the pablio to tome estent rislu suffering from the ignorance of inex-perienoed phanuaeûts, the many .reputeble members of a worthy profesiioo are . oompelled to oompete with «an who ara little botter than imposters.
To dip into the future agaiu, whit about 'Tactory législation* 1 Is the Egyptien Government to be furced to watoh unscrupulous employer» of labour overworlring ohildren and oerhaps women, depriving their labourera of liroper ventilation, exaotiug no sanitary observances, and refusing to fenoe daugerous machinery I We hâve been happily free from any serious strikea and labour distar^Cnoei ia Egypt,bat s hall we be as free iu the fu tarai And will not there be considérable risk of looal out* breaks of anti-Earopean feeliog if the Egyptian Government is nnable to oompel unaorupulouj or oalloas employer», who are sobjects of European Power» or Baropeans, to obey régulations designod for the proteotion of its own -objecta I There oan be no question that these friendly relations may be senoujjy jeoperdised in the future throngh labour troubles ariajng from the oppressive* action of unen-lightened or unscrupulous employer», unless the Government is parmitted to cheok abuses which iu themselvei and by tneir j»nae-quenoes mue be daugerous ' t j Europe.»»* and Egyptiens alike. There is no noed tor Buro-pean», however conservative, to fear that they will fail to beuefit from a modification of the Capitulations. Ail that improvet tha condition of the native of tigypt muet benefit the Boropsan rendent, and au uocbeoked abuse may be eveu more dangeroos to his interest thsin to those-of a native of the ooantry. So mnch for the future of Bgypt and the effect that antiquatod institutions may hâve uponlt; our reader» oan doubtiass see many other cases in which an undae oonservatism msy be hurt-fui and dangeroos to the interost* of the oomiug génération, Mosletn or Christian, Egyptian or European. We postpone t) a later date the discussion ot the nature of the reforma hinted at m Lord Cromer’s Report.
SONNET.
By BARON ^33 Dp MAL0BT1B.
Tbe damp earth’s fragrauoe miugling with the [rein,
The firat sweet sleep and wakiug, after pain,
The calm of reason— folbwmg its loss,
Hope— when our shattereJ fkith cornes back
> [sgain.
A fieroe long strife—at length by Viotory blest, The darkest doubta—and then a mind at rast A weloome—after failure—love throngh loss — Some dull sospioiou of ones-self redress'd rbe tendor pardon of a wrong ooofess’d,
A générons award, when bad our beat.
We may oount such, among life’s pure [delightç—
Beyond them ail is deeper joy—oppress’d Tbe strengtbened soûl leaps forward, and :	[throngh this
Einda that Unseen—tbe ottfsnnost ot blisa.
6RAN0 HOTEL BOkNARO,
ALIXAN pria.
te. FER DAY, WINC INjftUPCP.^