THB BGTPTXJlN 0AZ1TTB, FRIPAT, APBIL 28, IJM.
THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.
8UB3CRIPTI0N3.—Alexandrie, Caire, and the Intorior of Egypt'(inolcïding delivery in Alexandrie or postage to aubscriher’s eddrest) P.T. 331J per annum, P.T. 116 for six mouths, P.T. 80 for thrée months. To other oonntries in the Postal Union P.T. 273 (£2.16s.) per annam. Six months P.T. 136^ (jEI.Hs.), three montha P.T:,92 (£0.19s.) N.B.—Snbscriptiona oommenoe from the lat or 16th of any month.	f
ADVBRTISKMENT8.—P.T. 4 per line. Mi nimom charge P.T. 20. Birtha, Marnages, or Deaths, not aïoeoding three Unes, P.T. 20. Bvery eddi douai fine P.T. 10. Notioe* in news oolamn P.T. 20 per line. Contracta entored into for standing advertisemento.
8UBSCRIPTI0N8 and ADVERTISBMBNTS are due in advanoe. P.O. Orders and Choques to bo m&de payable to the Editer and Manager, Rowland Snolling, Alexandrie. London Offioes : 36, New Broad Street. B.C.
TH* "EQYPTIAN OAZETTE* ES nUHTXD OH
papek HAHoracTuaxo and serruxo
BT TH* LOMDOM P AP EK MILLS Co_ LIMITED. (SALES orne* : ST. GAHHOM STREET. K.C.)
The Egyptian Gazette
Aa EndUS 0*11; t.«.p*t*r, r.rtaVl.hfJ la IMO.
Editer & Manager : II. Sselliho. Prloo l Ono Plastro TarlfF.
FRIDAY, APRIL 28. 1905.
ANOTHER RUSSIAN LO A N.
The most ioteresting news today is the announcemo.it that the Ruasian Government has decided to raiae another loan of 200 million marks owing to the poor snooess of the recent internai loan. There ia no appeal to France this time, and the préliminaires bave been arranged in Berlin. It has beoomo per fectly plein that the Prencb financiers, wbq were strongly opposed to the war from tbo very ontaet, are still more opposed to its ooutinuanco under the hopele&s conditions to whioh Russie haa boen rodoced. France haa been unpreoedentedly geneioua and oonfid. ing during the lest ton years, though it must not be forgotten that the Russian Alliance gtve her a feeling of seeority in Europe to which she had long been strang er, and for which she was willing to make the most handsome acknowledgments in her power. Her thrifty and frugal people hold Ruasian secuiities to the extont of four hun dred milliona sterling—a stupendous snm in itself, and still more stupendous when one thinlcs of Russia’s financisl statua i i the scale of the nations. During the lest twclve montha Franoe haa found Russie fully thirty millions more. The Russiana, therefore, cannot possibly oomplain that their ally has not trusted them. On the oontraiy, she bas trusted them; if any-thing, too implicitly, and allowed her political gratitude to interfère oonriderably with strict business prudenoe.
Russia’s one finanoisl hope now is Bsrlin, for the English market is cloeed to her, and the American regards Ruasian securities with equal disfavour. But Berlin finanoe plumes itself on its purely business prineiples strainod dear of every extranoous sédiment, and this moming’s telegram states that the terms of the new loans are to bo inoreased in severity. But it is not probable that G crm iny will finanoe the war for Russia indefinitely, and if her reverses continue, it ia unlikely maoy more loans will be raised. At tbe same time it is advieable to disoount ail the ills»nsidered talk and srriting about the strain of the war upon the financial resouroee of the two belligérants. No well-informed person, of course, will dispute that war is very oostly. It srastes both wealth and life ; it lessens production because it diverts both labour and capital from productive to unproductivo employaient ; it lessens con-fidenoe by oausing appréhensions, and even scares ; and it adda to taxation. But the merely financial effects of war very soon pass asrey. In the présent instanoe, and espeoially in the oase of Rusais, tbe real danger ia to be found not in the financial, but in the sentimental influlooe which the strnggle may havo. She has a vast amount of gold at home, and she has the power to issue inconvertible paper to any exteot she pleasee. It is quite true, of ooorse, that ail this will tell upon the matériel condition of the people, and will Ijp felt as a sera burden for a time. But it will be eo chiefly, not beoause of the mer* eoet of the WK M bal bww* of to aa&Teanbli «w
aomio condition of Russia when hostilities broks ont Owing partly to misgovernment, partly to the iguoranoe of the people them-selves, partly to rash spéculation, and partly to unfavourable seasons, Russie was in the throes of a long drawn-oot criais when the «truggle began. The criais wss-due immédiate ly to bad seasont oausing Aûlure of the orops over a large part of the Empire, and it was in-'ensified by tash industrial enterprise, in-judicious loans by the banlu, aud, of oourse, by the.heevy taxation ol the Government. The people* oonsequently, ara not in a state to bear any materiel addition to their burdeos, and the war, therefore, witl tell - upon them, more tljan it otherwûe would hâve ■Inné.
But evea ao, it is not the more financial résulta so mnch as tho possible Sentimental effects that are to be dreaded. The whnle population, as we hâve ju»t been saying, is in deep distress, which is aggravsted by the shock to crédit aod the distarbxnce given to ail kinds of business by the war. In addition to that, mnigovernment had driven a very considérable section, even of the Russiana themselve*, ,into>a suppressed revoit, which every now aud then demonstrates itself by the assassination of Ministers and other graat officiais. Ontside of Russia proper, the Pôle*, the Fi uns, and the Armeuiaos hâve been driven almost to mafness by oppression ; and it is bardly necessary to add that the Jews are eqnally disaffected. As. long aa the army obeys orders the Government esn maintain order, in spite ot the almost univorsaLdisaffection. But if Ruasian reverses continu* titre is a possibi-lity. thôugh we donbt if TWamounu to a probability, that a considérable part'of the army may beoome disaffected. Aud in that case nobody osa foreseé what may hsppen. On tbe other haud, there is an equal postibility, and we think a greater probability, that the Government- may'be alarmed respecring tho consequenoes if reverses oontiuue inManohnria, or if the armada of Rçdjestvauky and Nebgotoff is destroyed, and’ that it may, therefore, enter upon a greatpolioyof reform.as tbo grandfatber •f the présent'T*ar did afeer the Crimean war.
If this sbould happen, tbe war will prove to bo a blessing in disguise, and its unfaVonrablo , financial effects will soon pass away. >	/
FO-DAY’8 TELEGRAM^
ÜNRESt IN RUSSIA.
ORGANISED HOOLIGAN ISM.
St. Fstusbdko, April 27.
A feeling akin to oonstorfaation has been oocasioopd by rnmonrs, rfproduoed by the leading newspapers, to tbe effect that 15,000 booltgans hâve organised them selves into bande with the object of attacking ail ao-oalled ‘intellectuels’’ found in the streets at Eastor-tide. The authoriües bave taken elaborato précautions, and a spécial contiugont of Don Coasacks bas arrived hère. There has beeu a general exodos of tbe aristocratie and middJe classes over tho holidaya Reporte frçm the provinces indicate timilar fears thons, and fttpeoially in oonneotion with tbe lst May, which is the Russian Eaater Monday.
General Trepoff in a proclamation assure-? the population that order will be presarved with the armed foroe if neoessary.	(RvtUr.)
ANOTHER RUSSIAN LOAN.
APPBAL TO GERMAN FINANCIERS.
8t. Pktimbcbo, April 27.
Owing to the -poor suooess of the reoeut internai loan, Russie bas deoided to appeal to ’ the Qormsn financiers fôr another loan of 200 million marks. Tire terrn-t will be more severo than tbe former issues. Tbe préliminaires hâve already been arrangediat Berlin.	(Rmtttr.)
THE ROYAbQRÜISE.
VI3IT TO NAPOLEON S BmTHPLACE Ajaccio, April 27.
The King of England landed hère, and viaited Napoléon’s birthpjaoe.	<lUuttr.)
MOROCCO.
THE NEW BRITISH MINISTBR.
Tahoœbs, April 27.
Mr. G. A. Lowther, the Britisb Ministor, il to prooeed to Fe* iu about three weeks time ia wfa to pmont «vUotwOi.