lETTm TO THE EDITOR^.
THE C’AHTULATIOKS.
Tv riiK Editor of nut Koutian Gazette.
Sir, The leading article published by yoa mu the 22nd inaL in which you refer to the i .tpitulation* as one of the numerous inetitu tiotis. which hare survived their utility to become absolutely pernicious, well expresses the. conviction, which daily'grows stronger the more the anomaly of their existence in a country practically governed by England is radi-eih (bat «bey must go, and that before long. My tint tooling ou reading the portion of- Lord Cromer’s report devoted to the question, ?us one o( disappointment at the somewhat Uunejuid colourless nature of his lord-ship’s remarks on-a matter ou which it is well known. that be bolds very decided opinions. There are, however, many considerations which may have influenced him and induoed him to - practically . invite an expression of public opinion before taking any deoided oourae ot action. For one thing, considering that at the present time we have in England a Ministry in power that nobody trusts, and which is impervious to blow alter blow from British constituencies; a Ministry that will apparently submit to every possible humiliation, rather than ’give the offices to which they ding like barnacles ou a ship's sides, impeding all attempts ft progress; and that possibly this -late ol things may oontinne to exist until the Blue Book on 'Egypt in 1905 is published,— taking this alone into account one can well understand that many reasons may have suggested themselves for the postponement serious aciiou. But the Capitulations have go,.and the sooner the 'fact is realised, and ^ariangements are made for the substitution of some system more iu accordant* with decency and morality, the better.
It does not teem to me that the solution is tar do seek. Foreimiere are content to live in England and /to abide by the laws, of the country, or-fee judged by them if they transgress them. Barely if laws were fraipcd in Eg) pt by which a; foreigner transgressing theni could be tried here, with the sumo guarantees tor justice being administered as are given in England, no one would obieot to live in the country under them. No such question os that of arbitrary arrest could arise if the habeas corpus act wero introduced,and it ought not to require by any meap/an elaborate system of jurisprudence to co/cr the ground required, and to give full consideration to the just requirements of foreigners in Egypt..
Undoubtedly such au arrangement would tend to give us a still lirumr iootiug in Egypt, and why not I If we are To stay in Egypt and to make our influence felt for good, why not boldly accept responsibility for the good government of the’country, andxee that that gureiuuitxu msfcea for, ngtiif<ousuou «iat not iniquity, purity and not vice I At present we are shirking our plain duly and only doing things, by halves. It is because I cannot help toeing that we cannot leave our task unfinished, —and' anyone with half an eye can see that with our withdraws! from the oouutry things would quiokly slip back into chaos,—that I would urge that we should be thorough in our action. The small and noisy oliqae who would have England become the owner ol, iustead of the trustee for, Egypt might possibly acclaim the establishment of British administered laws as a step towards that end, but it need be no more than a step in the dirootibn of helping the Egyptian people to understand the principles of self government, and in preparing the way for that realisation of the national hopes whiuh it should be our every desire to foster. Whether we have any right to be here at all is another question. We are here, and having assumed great responsibilities, we have to see the thing through, and faithfully to fulfil onr trust 1 see no reason why, as Egypt progresses and her police and m litary forcesbecome more efficient the British Army of Occupation should not be reduced until it merely remains of the strength necessary for State functions and other 'show' purposes.
1 hope that few people will take the line of yonr correspondent "Judntos Appella,” whose letter appears in to-day's “Gazette.” The spirit iii which it is written is just the very one which has brought Egypt, to its present position, and made the oeuturies of mis-govern-merit from which she has suffered, possible.
But 1 think the writer is right in drawing attention to the vagueness of Lord Cromer's suggestion, as to “the creation of some local machinery which would take a part in the enaqiment of the laws applicable to Europeans.” Local machinery for administering the laws I could understand, but for their enact meat JI! Criminal law should be the.same thing at Assiout as at Alexandria, at Cairo as st Suez “Common sense," whose letter appears in the same paper, simply looks on the surface instead of beneath it Because Cairo is free from . tho Piccadilly scenes which disgraoe 1/oiidon, be seems to think that it compares favorably with the English Capital. There was nothing hysterical about Mr. 8itns' letter. I myself have watched the orowda that nightly pour into a notorious quarter of Cairo. I have seen the terrible sights to be witnessed there, and the utter moral degradation that is ouly . too plainly visible. And I say deliberately that the sight is a disgraoe to the Egyptian Capital, and ;<> the British influence that is powerless to prevent its continuance. If, as alleged, and u I fully believe, the Capitulations stand in the way of the cleansing of the foul plague spots of the cities of Egypt, the utmost support ‘bonId be given to those who would clear these obstructions to good government in Egypt out of the way, and give a healthier tone to the tnorality of the country than that which now pievsils.—I am, etc.,
Thoa Atwood.
M oharrem Bey, Alexandria, April 94.
WHITE SLAVE TRADE.
To rai Editor of tot Eotftiak Gazette.
Sir,—As a traveller interested in the pro grass ol this country, I hope you will allow mo by means of your valuable paper to mako known my hearty appreciation of the views ol your correspondent "T.A.” on the snbject of druukenness, and of shat, I understand, is now being done in the way of suppression of two of the most prominent causes of moral degradation in Egypt, viz., the import of hasheesh and of white slaves, which, it is gratifying to learn, do not in any way contribute to the revenue of this country.
1 am told that, as regards the former, a simple prohibition having proved ineffectual, in consequence of the temptations of bak sheesh offered to the Coastguard by smugglers proving too great, the Egyptian Government decided, very wisely, some twenty yean ego, to enter into competition with them by offering a higher rate of baksheesh to the Coastguard sailors, to be derived from the publio sale and expatriation ol half the quantity of hasheesh seized, the other hall being destroyed. This measure not proving as eihuieat as was expected, m oonsequenoe of the expatriated ball finding no other market than Egypt, it was, not long ago, defied to destroy all the seized hashcCsD, and to'flu put y the baksheesh from the Government treasury at an annual oust ol about -£4,0u0. Thu wise and liberal action has, 1 am told, produced the desired result, recent statistics Caving shown that the tumble torm of vice known as “hasheesh smoking" has been practically eliminated from the oonntry, whilst the prohibited article lUeii is no lunger to be found in the uaiive shops and oaten, which, formerly, made a large profit from ua surreptitious sale at a fiigh price.
As a consequence ot this success^"understand that it isahe intention ot t|<o Egyptiau Goveruiuout to endeavour to extend the good and useful work of the Coastguard, by entrusting it with the suppression ol the at id more terrible “White Slave Trade” import, in oun ueouou with whion an luteruaUCCRl (Aanmia-siou has, quite reoeuuy,_beeirriinRlfut&l at Alexandria, and that, with this object tie Water Police Borneo of that port, as a tentative measure, has been tramderred to the above department by the Ministry ol Ptnanoe.
Thu u as it should be, and it may be reasonably expected that future statistics will show, by a diminution of “euiant irouvfe,” that this measure has been as suootssinl as the other. But, it is evident, that, in fairness, the competition witu regard to (government bakahoesn should be, wfieu applied to the while slave smugglers, followed by a corresponding increase in tbe annual grant to the Coastguard for thu additional service. 1 would go even furtner, and suggest that the Government grant ahould be extended to the police service ot the Interior lor sucoesslul seizures at -slave prooarers and procuresses, an especially large baksheesh being awaraod to tne capturer ol the white Usman Digua.
1 woWl, also, wiui a view to the ultimate entire suppression of the “euiant” in whoee behalf Uie Cute of society at Alexandria has been duniig the last few days to humanely devoting both its energies and pecuniary resources, venture to suggest that the W.S.T. Committee should be urged, in your columns, to utilise the services ol the intenor polioe in an endeavour to trace the paternity of these unfortunate waits to its source, and to bravely oomhat, as we have had to do at home, the vicious propensities ol the sex fur which the white slave market alone exists.
Might not, 1 ask, this important Commiasion be divided into two sections with the above object, to be called, respectively, the “Virgin” and the "Joseph"! the former being specially aided in its operations by the Coa.tguard, and the latter by the polioe. This suggestion I venture to put lorth as a practical measure tor the consideration of those who so nobly interest themselves in the excellent work ot tbe suppression of drunkenness and vice in igypt.—soar obedient servant,
Johh Smithers.
San Stefano, Rarnleh, April 17.
the vioes oomplained of, and for , the proven tion of money-making in drunkard making. It is hardly necessary to say that the great
problems of society are at the bottom moral questions, and that doty is the oement which Linds the whole moral edifioe together, without which all the fabric of existence crumbles away from under onr feet, and we find onr selves in a cedar swamp from which we may never find onr way out.
As weall know, there is' a great difference both in the mental and moral as well as in the physical stamina of men. Some can dodge raindrops and find four-leaf clover on everybody’s lawn, while others stumble over straws and cannot picks rosebud without being pieroed by a thorn. Man is to a large extent a creature of oiroumstanoes and environment Tbe men and women who live on a purely animal plane and think cf nothing but thebaser self, whose souls are in thraldom to their body, bound hand and foot by animal appetite^ cannot be elevated by argument, and most be kept in a sphere where the conditions of brute existence will not endanger more precious things. Hence the neoessity for stringent laws on one hand, and for. other philanthropic forces,—forces which make lor righteousness,—on the other hand.
One of the greatest evils of the preseat day is the liquor traffic. It is estimated that it is responsible for 35 per oent. of idiocy, 45 per oent. of lunacy, 80 per oent. of crime, and 90 per oent of pauperism in Ameriaa. And it is oonsidered that the most sucoesslul method of oomhsUng iu temperance is through legislation, education, and moral suasion.
An Institute lor the moral, mental, and physioal training ol the Egyptian youth, without distinction of race or creed, would b*na doubt, like a perennial fountain of sweet water in-the desert land. Let us have it by all means.'’! While the world is full of loose talk of the diituicUona of blood ; while the man is judged not by his inward character but by the colour of his skin, the shape of his nose, or the raoe from which he is sprung, yet true philanthropy to-day gives the lie to all saoh outward distinctions, and we are learning to recognise that/ after all, we all are sons of the one, all-pervadiog “Father," and art our bro ther’s keeper.—I anveux,	S. V. E.
Alexandria, April 18.
SPORT AND PLAY.
CRICKET.
A.C.C. o. R. BERKS. REGT.
Played on Saturday last, resulting in a win for the olub by 34 rupsrSides took ten wickets for 51 rune Soon*':—
3rd R. Berks.
Mr. A. P. Strange, b. Dawson........ M
CpL Morrison, b. H. B. Carver ....... 1
CpL New, b. H. B. Carver ... 1....... 3
Sgt Taylor, b. H. P. Carver.......... l
Sgt Godfrey, b. H. P. Carver.... ...	o
Mr. G. W. Sharpe, l.b.w. H. B. Carver...	0
8gt. Thame, b. Dawson.................. 34
Sgt. Didoock, a and b. 1L B. Carver ...	4
Pte. Woolmer, not out.................. js
Pta.8ides, 0. Weedon, b. H. B. Carver... 13
Pte. Dancer, b. H. B. Carver........ 0
Extras .............................    17
Total ....... ... 133
AC. C.	I
B. T. Peel, 0. Dancer, b. Sides .... 13
S. R. Carver, b. Sides ............. 1
H. Mustard, b. Sides.................... 0
H. B. Carver, b. Sides.................. 6
H. P. Carver, not out .............. 84
Ti C. Macauley, b. Sides ........... 1 (
S. C. Wyatt, c. Sharpe, b. Sides.....	5
A. 8. Preston, b. 8ide»................. 0
A.	L. P. Weedon, 0. Sharpe, b. Sides... 33
S. J. Dawson, b. Sides.................. 8	;
0. J. Finney, e. Strange, b. Sides...	3	1
Extras. ............................... 16
____1
Total ............ 157
RIFLE SHOOTING.
B.	R.O. (ALEX.) v. TEAM FROM ROYAL
BERKS. REGT.
A very dose and interesting match between the above was shot last Saturday. The totals of 10 scores on each side were 739 for the regi-! mental team and 718 for the dub, but, on counting ont tbe two lowest on each side, as pre-arranged, the dub remained the winners by 6 points. Weather conditions were trying ;1 with a strong khamteen, the sky was overoast and the atmosphere hazy, and daring the latter part of the shooting an irregnlar wind carried a yellow mist aero.3 the targets, which were, at times, almost obliterated.
B. R. C. (Alik.)
200 yds. 500 yds. 600 yds. Tot^l Mr.	Dickson	31	37	31	89
„	Waddington	31	25	26	82
.,	Carlisle	38	27	2$	81
„	Raddiffo	28	29	22	79
„	Lucas	28	27	21	76
„	Strickland	30	19	23	72
„	Schilizzi, P.	27	32	13	72
„	Allen, D.	24	36	16	66
227	212	178	617
2nd Royal	Berks.	Trail
Pte.	Winkworth	82	35	28	95
„	Barton	31	29	28	88
„	Maybury	26	80	23	79
„	Wilkins	22	28	28	78
„	Champion	28	23	24	75
„	Hawkins	23	32	16	70
„	Allen	23	21	21	65
„	Hammond	27	37	7	61
211	»5	~I46	1m
Club practice as usual on Saturday next, rtarting at 3.80 pJn,
AN INSTITUTE FOR CAIRO.
To tub Editor of tih Eqtptuh Gazette.
Dear 8ir,—In yonr issue of last Saturday’s the writer of “Under the Mosqnito Net,” after pointing out the regrettable faot that the Ca-‘atious were standing in the way, and seriously interfering with the acoumpbsh-rneut of very urgently needed reforms, said : 'Everybody knows this, but tbe question is, How long is it to remain a reproach that under British influence Egypt is still a hot-bed of immorality aud vice, a morally plagne-stricken spot unmatched in any part of the civilised world t Surely the time rnu.t soon c -me when we shall cease calmly to look on and do nothing, while all the rasoaldom of Earope laughs in onr face at the puny efforts we pat forth to suppress their villainous wort”
This is, rather a serious indictment Bat one can never afford to let the kindliness that
____one's heart soften the asperity that is in
the facts. Calling bad things by their nght names, is the first step towards getting rid of them Indeed, it is a sad commentary on the doings of so-called Capitulations and on British Occupation in particular, and on onr Christian civilisation in general, whioh suffer auoh evils to go unchecked. While there can be no doubt that the British Occupation has done end is still doing an immense amount oi good under the vise leadership of Lord Cromer, it cannot he raid that it has done ite full share of duty, unless it is in a position to take full and radical measures for the suppreesion ot