THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE. *
BUBSCRIPTIONa-Alexandria, Cairo, and the Interior of Egypt (including delivery in Alexandria or postage to subscriber’* address) P.T. 8111 per annum, P.T_ 116 for six months, P.T. 80 for three months. To other oo an tries in the' Postal Union P.T. 873 (£3.16*.) per annum. Six months P.T. 136} (£1.8*.X three months P.T. 93 (£0.19*.)
N.B.—Subscriptions commence from the 1st or 16th of any month. . ADVERTISEMENTS.—P.T. 4 per lino. Minimum charge P.T. 30. Births, Marriages, or Deaths, not exceeding three lines, P.T. 30. Every additional line P.T. 10. Notions iu news oolumn P.T. 30 per line. Contracts entered into for standing advertisements!
SUBSCRIPTIONS and ADVERTISEMENTS are. due in advanoe. P.O. Orders and Cheques to be made payable to the Bdltor and Manager, Rowland Snelling, Alexandria. London Offices: 36, New Broad-street. B.C..
tn -xovptlak aazxrrx* a nans on
PAPER XAICUPACTCUO AND ISPPLDED C&AleBS OffJOl: *7. CANNON 9TWLMMT, M.C.)
The Egyptian Gazette
Editor & Manager : R. Sskluso. Price i Ona Piastre Tariff.
TUESDAY. APRIL 35. 1905.
THE NAVAL P08ITI0N.
The violent cannonading, which yesterday’s telegrams stated had been heard off Kamaranh Bay only a few hours after the departure of the Russians, appears to have been the figment of some Frenchman's imagination, for this morning’s news shows that the Baltic Fleet is evidently well on its way towards the north, as a glaooe at the map shows that the Russians are following a coarse which weald take them past Hong Kong into the channel known as the Pormosa Strait t, which divides the island of Formosa from the mainland of China. They are thus steering direot for the Japanese flying base in the Pesctdores Islands, at whioh a portion of Togo’s fleet, including probably a considerable amount of torpedo craft, is almost certainly concentrated, and possibly his main nghtingl strength.
The onanoes of evasion are very small, and three warships,believed to be Japanese vessels, are reported off the Corregidor Islands in the Philippines. Whether Togo’s main body is off the Pescadores, or at one of the naval bases of Southern Japan, be -will be %ble to act on interior lines against Rodjestvensky should •he latter make for the open waters of the Pacific, and thence attempt to penetrate into the Japan Sea by running the gauntlet of the Korean Straits, or trying the- Tsngari or Pdronae Straits further to the north. There is therefore every reason to anticipate tbit, even if Rodjestvensky should so deghe, it will be impraotioable for him to avc dd a general action at a very early data If continues his obnree direct on the Pormosa Channel and if Togo’s fleet is oon centra tod at the Pescadores, the action will probably be fought is a very tort time.
THE BALTIC FLEET.
STEERING NORTH.
JUNCTION WITH NIEBOGAROF PROBABLE.
London, April 34
The latest telegrams from Saigon show that the Baltic Fleet is 15 miles off the Anntm boast, and is steering north.
'ItrefcMrarships are reported off the Corregidor Islands in the Philippines. It is supposed they are Japanese vessels under Admiral Nashima.	.
Saioos, April 34
The Baltic Fleet at Kamaranh; consisted ot 53 ships, including the transports. Tb^y sailed north. 14 transports, the cruiser "Svietlana," end the hoepital-sbip “Orel" remain near Kamaranh, outside the iimito. *
The French cruiser "Descartes" sailed on Saturday for Ustrang, where.3" warship* have been sighted. .
Publio opinion he«N| that Rodjestvenaky will endeavour to meet a juucfioa with Niebogaroff.	(AmAt.)
RODJESTVENSKY REPORTED ILL.
8amon, April 24.
It is stated that Rodjestvensky is suffering from dysentery.	(JUmUr.)
TSAR AND PEASANT REVOLTS. MEiSURES UP REPRESSION.
St. PamsBUBOf'April 24.
For the purpose of checking the peasant revolt, the'l’sar has issued a decree ordering the most severe punishment on all persons directly or indirectly coooemed .with the outbreaks. District commissions are appointed in order to ooll. ot indemnities for the landowners from the village* and' communities implicated.
' ,	_________ (Amttr.)
MACEDONIA.
----1---
DEMAND FOR AUTONOMY.
Sofia, April 34.
Indignation meetings were held yesterday throughout Bulgaria to ptotest against the massacres at Zagoritchani. Resolutions were adopted in which the people appealed to the European Powers. They ascribed the massacres to the Turkish administration, and demanded autonomy for Macedonia.	(HeMtr.)
THIBET.
CHINBSB COMMISSIONER MURDERED Shanghai, April 24.
The Thibetans murderpd Peoohun, the Chinese oommiasioner.of Thibet, and the whole of his suit* at Bating oo the 31st inat. (A.)
CRETAN UNION.
CONPflpStJE WITH REBELS.
\	- Caxia, April 24
The Ore tan Chamber ha* appointed a com mittee to oonfer With the rebels with a view to a oommon action. V.	(HmUer )
THE ROYALY’RUISE.
AN ARAB FANTASIA.
A LOURS, April 34.
The King and Queen of England sail to-day for Sardinia.
Their visit here terminated with an Arab fantasia in the vicinity of Constantine, where a number of leading native ohiefs and their - followers had specially assembled. The mad . charges by masses of wild Arab horsemen firing in the air were most striking. Their Majesties ! also visited the encampment where Arab women sang and danoed.	(Jtmumr.)
Philippxville, April 34.
' The King and Qneen of England have left , ^o* Sardinia.	(Hamu.)
!	HOMAGE TO GAMBBTTA.
i	■
■	BoRDiarx, April 84. .
r In a speech M. Loubet rejoiced at being able to see the Government and nation joining . together to-morrow to render homage to (Habit*.	. (Ham)