TJH IQYPTLAJf QAZ1TT1. THURSDAY, APRIL 27, ]idQ6,
THURSDAY, APRIL 27. 1906.
ENGLAND AND FRANCE.
The King's visit to Paris is, we are told in this morning’s telegrams regarded in the French Capital as a significant political event, and as an affirmation of the “entente" in Moroooo vis-4-via Germany. It is, indeed, obvions that the visit must be considered to be a political event of considerably greater importance than it would have been il it had taken place a few weeks earlier. Franoe, rightly or wrongly, believes that her powerful Eastern neighbour has taken advantage of the disappearance of the military value of the Dual Alliance to make a belated attempt to question her right to a predominant position in a country where no fair-minded man oan deny that her claim is paramount That elaim has been recognised by England, and the recognition has been acknowledged by prompt withdrawal of the long-standing French protest against the British position in this oiuntry , wherefore it was the duty of £ \gl nd to let it be known to the world that wo meant to honour onr own signature to the full and the King’s visit to Paris is one of those quiet bat effective counter-strokes whioh are the triumphs of diplomacy. Unless the Kaiser has been the victim of an over-oeosorious publio whose mind is debauohed by reoolleo tions of Bismarck, the resent parade in Moroooo had a very defioite object • The growth of intimate relations and of harmony between Franoe and Great Britain has been gall and wormwood to those who inherit the traditions of the Iron Chancellor ; and the more we read between the lines of the Emperor's allooution* and ef the vapouring* of the German newspapers, the more apparent beoomee the design to cause a rift within the lute. Of ooarsqk France must, as she will, respect the commercial rights of Germany (small though they are by comparison with her own or ours) in Moroooo. But, inasmuch as she has given the required pledge so to do, there oan be no sufficient pretext for the summoning of that European Conference whereof there is some talk in the German Press. The question of Moroooo has, in feot, been settled by the Powers oonoerned, and the sooner Germany aooepte that accomplished feet the better for her own dignity, and fur that universal peace which, as we know from the Kaiser’s Bremen oration, owes so much to the powerful antiseptic influence of the Teutonic “salt of the
_____________w
THE WAR.
RUSSIAN ATTACK REPULSED.
DEAD ABANDONED.
*	Touo, April 26.
In some fighting which took place on the
86th inet near Kai Yuen, the Japanese lest 86 men and the Russians abandoned 200 de"* .	_____ (Bmm.)
Touo, April 26..
Five thousand Russians with one battery attacked the Japanese in the beighhonrhood of Kaiynan but were repulsed leering 200 dead.
Meanwhile two other columns attacked Cbang-tn and Liatafeu but retreated when their comrades at Kaiyuan were defeated. (RmUr.)
A FALSE ALARM.
BRITISH SHIPS TAKEN FOR RUSSIAN.
Hoho Roeo, April 26
Three Russian battleships were righted off Linting island this morning steusing south south-east ^
(Later). Thd vessels sighted off the l-iming Island prove to be British man-of-war. (A.)
COAL FOR THE RUSSIANS.
•	Poet Locta, April 26. Tbe Genu&n S 8. '‘Juliette” bee been greeted
600 tons of ooaL She prooeeds to Saigon morrow.	(Bmttr.)
THE CAsToPHlE “DIANA.’
Saioop, April 26.
The French authorities deny that any of the “Diana's crew are misting. Portions of the machinery were lately removed because the Commander maned to change his anchorage, and the authorities were anxious to avoid the slightest appearance of a • breach of neutrality.
(AmUr.)
MARTIAL LAW IN FORMOSA.
— c
Toxio, April 26.
i The Privy Council to-day decided to procaim ' martial law throughout Furmom. {Amur)
KING’8 VISIT TO PARIS.
I IMPORTANT POLITICAL EVENT.
‘Ajaccio, April 26.
The King and Queen of England have arrived.	(Umom.)
Paris, April 26.
The King’s visit here is regarded as an important political event, and as an affirmation of the “entente'’ in Moroooo vis-a-vis Germany.
The King'will maintain his inooguito. He will dine with M. Loubet on Sunday and is to remain here two or three days. (Hmttr.)
NORWAY AND SWEDEN.
ATTEMPTS AT AGREEMENT ABORTIVE.
Stdcxholm, April -26.
The endeavours of the' Prince Regent to adjust the disagreement between Norway and Sweden affecting the onion of the two countries have felled. Norway ret uses to nqptiate until her sovereign right to establish a separate consular system-i? reooguiaed. (Amur.)
AMERICAN -COTTON CROP.
BEATS THbIwORLD'S RECORD.
New Yoix, April 26.
The United States oottor^crop is an extraordinary one. It exoeeds the world’s record by 2,600,000 bales. The efforts of growers to keep up prices by burning 1,000,000 bales have been futile.	, (Amur.)
EPSOM RACES.
Loidoi, April 26.
City and Suburban Handicap. 1. Pharisee ; 8. Ambition ; 3. Dean Swift.
19 ran Betting: ll to 2 against Pharisee ; 20 to 1 against Ambition ; 100 to U against Dean 8wift Won by threeajuartere of a length. One length' between 2nd and 3rd.
(Amur.)
HOME CRICKET.
/
Lowdoe, April 26.
OvaL Survey v. Gentlemen has been drawD. ’ (Amur.)