THE EGYPTIAN" GAZETTE, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 1905.
THE TRADE CRISIS.
IMAGINARY CREDITS.
A trade crisis of some severity, but of a purely temporary sad partial character, is
prevailing in Egypt, and as evidence of its stress we may mention that last month ovedue bills representing over £100,000 were protested in the	Mixed Courts. The
crisis is chiefly confined to native traders, through whose hands most of the direct transactions with the inhabitants of the interior are carried on. As to Europeans, the crisis is only felt in so far as they, in their capacity as manufacturers, wholesale merchants, or agents, are engaged in supplying the native traders.
The crisis deserves careful consideration, for its various causes, all of which have a certain relation to one another, go deep down to the basis on which the Egyptian trade system rests. One of these causes is the general system of supplying on credit, either monthly accounts in the case of Government officials and others in similar positions outside the Government, or yearly accounts until the cotton is sold in the case of landowners and cultivators. Another contributory cause is the system so much in vogue in Egypt of giving big credits to native traders by manufacturers and others. Traders are induced to make use of the big credits offered to them and they have bought goods in excess of their requirements. Agents and travellers vie with one another in forcing a great amount of stock on the traders. The continental firms are now eagearly pressing for payment, although a little liberality and patience, as it is the habit of British firms to practise, would enable the native tradors to tide over their difficulties. These traders at the present moment find extreme difficulty in obtaining payment from their customers for goods ordered and delivered, owing to the heavy fall in cotton or their losses by the cattle plague.
The general vogue of the native trade to allow monthly or yearly credit accounts to customers makes the crisis sorely felt by a very wide class, and, although the crisis is purely temporary, it may have results of a permanent character, which will be disastrous to the growth of native trade, as owing to the severe action taken by continental firms against these traders, the trade will be to a great extent removed from the hands of natives to Europeans. The former suffer far more than the European trader, who can more easily obtain temporary assistance, such as bills of convenience from his books or postponements in paying, etc. Some persons consider that the Government should be appealed to to step in in the interests of the natives. But, while admitting the difficulty of State interference in such a case, we are of opinion that an official enquiry and report into the circumstances attending the present crisis would be very useful. It could be conducted quite informally, and might well be entrusted to two officials, one Anglo-Egyptian (Mr. Roussin for example) and one native. The result of their enquiry ought to be of the greatest value, more especially for the future guidance of the native trader. Among the recommendations of such an enquiry the following, in our opinion, would occupy a prominent position:—
A complete modification in the system of supplying goods on credit.
That subordinate officials and similarly circumstanced employes should have the option of drawing their salaries weekly instead of monthly.
A Government order forbidding officials from obtaining goods on credit.
The last of these recommendations would never be enforced, but it would be a useful reminder to the smaller fry of officialdom that the Government takes a parental interest in their well being.
Another recommendation should be that native traders in placing their orders for goods would do well to give preference to those firms wbd do not unduly press them in bad times.
This recommendation should have a good result by drawing the attention of the traders to the forbearance of British firms, as compared with the severity exercised by the majority of continental houses. British firms have a great deal of money owing to them at the present time, but it will be found that they have refrained to a great extent, from protesting, while their rivals on the continent are most-eager in pressing for their pound of flesh. 
Tho whole of the question of credit is of extreme importance to Egypt, and if we had a Department of Commerce in Egypt like the Board of Trade at home, it would receive, careful attention.
EGYPTIAN COMPANY FLOTATION
LONDON PRESS OPINION.
The "World," in its City article says that there are signs that the continuous flotation of companies for the development of Egypt is in danger of being overdone, and the prices of the shares of some of those formed since the beginning of the year have been falling off during the past few Hays. The shares of one such company, regarding whose future operations practically nothing was known beyond the fact that they were to be carried out under the auspices of men well-connected with former Egyptian enterprise, were pushed np to a premium of something like 150 per cent, so that it is natural that the increase of competitive concerns should bring them down. In these circumstances there may be some who, wishing to participate in Egypt's prosperity, are yet unwilling to incur the risk attendant upon the new ventures, and would rather turn their attention to investments already well established.
The "Daily Express," in commenting on the fact that the capital of the Egyptian Trust and Investment had been subscribed for fifty-three times over, remarks —This is a record in company subscriptions. There were special reasons for the success of the flotation. The proepects of business in Egypt for well managed companies are excellent, and it is agreed that the management of this company is exceptionally strong. Quite apart, however, from the success of a particular company, the weight of the applications tells a satisfactory and encouraging tale. It means that England has recovered from the bad time which followed the war, and that the period of retrenchment is over. The seccess of the Egyptian enterprise will doubtless lead to the flotation of a large number of companies in the near future.
The "Financier” remarks: — The announcement that no less than £8,000,000 had been subscribed for the issue of £200,000 by the Egyptian Trust and Investment, limited, naturally excited a good deal of discussion; but I am positively assured, on reliable authority, that the announcement was an under-statement, not an exaggeration. I am told that actually a round million of application money has been banked—that amount at the rate of 2s. per £1 share representing total subscription of £10,000,000! The one thing to be desired is that such an experience may not tend to wildcat speculatipn or induce a flood of undesirable flotations. The future of British enterprise in Egypt lies in steady development, and excessive stimulation or injudicious booming would only be mischevious to the best interests of a very promising country.

EGYPTIAN MINING.
NORTH NILE. 
It is not surprising, having regard to the report just issued by Messrs. Lake and Currie, the well-known mining engineers, that North Niles should have had a heavy fall. This is the portion of the document which has struck the London market most unfavorably:— "Adit No. 1.—In Adit No. L Winze, No. 1 N., has been carried down to a depth of 150ft., the rich ground extending to 120ft, and yielding the bulk of some 200oz. of rough gold, which has been obtained during the present season's operations. Drives N. and S., at the point where this rich ground came in, have proved disappointing, tending to the conclusion that the winze has gone down on a narrow chute or chimney. In the winze itself a change occurred in the country rock at 120ft, and the quartz died out. Stopping from the sides of this winze should result in appreciable returns but it is impossible to forecast the quantity of payable stone that will be obtained. Winze S., Adit No. 3, has been connected with Drive N., Adit No. 1, by a drive along a cross vein. This cross vein, however, proved valueless. Adit No. 3.—In this Adit Winze No. 1N. has been carried down to 59ft; here again the vein has pinched and the results are not encouraging. The present season's work, so far, has failed to disclose any appreciable extension of the rich stone discovered during the preceding season's operations. Furthermore, no additional rich patches or chutes have been met with.”
As speculation in these shares has been on a comparatively large scale,and as the slump has been unexpected and heavy, it may be worth while to print what the Board now say. Among other things they declare it to be a misconception to suppose that the company is in any want of money. The truth is that there are some thousands of pounds in hand, irrespective of bullion. The mauager, moreover, has been instructed to energetically push on with the exploratory work on the lines laid down by Messrs. Lake and Currie in their report. Simultaneously, with this work, instructions have been given that the stoping of any rich ore available be at once proceeded with. As for those who ask for advice as to what to do with their shares (many bought at £2 and over), we can only refer them to the glorious uncertainty of mining, and advise them to hold for a recovery, which is by no means unlikely, although it may not be rapid.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR.
We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinion expressed by our correspondents, but we wish, in a spirit of fair play to all, to permit - within certain necessarry limits - free discussion.
AN INSTITUTE FOR CAIRO.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—While cordially endorsing the utility of institutes both at Cairo and Alexandria, I must protest against the somewhat hyaterical tone of Mr. Henry C. Sims's letter on the subject. The letter in to-day's issue does for more credit to Mr. Sims’s heart than to his head, for he surely exaggerates the evil prevalent in Cairo. From my own experience as a resident both in Cairo and Alexandria I venture to state that both cities compare favorably with the state of things prevailing in similarly great centres of population in Europe. The triumph of the “Spirit of Evil" is in fact for less in evidence in the cities of Egypt than in London, for example. Cairo in this respect compares favorably with Alexandria, for in the Capital the evil is chiefly congregated in one quarter of the town instead of being promiscuously scattered over every quarter. The Trinity of Evil, drink, gambling, and impurity, everywhere exists, but Cairo and Alexandria are far more free to all appearances from these evils than the cities of Europe, and I fail to see we are in any way worse off in Egypt as regards the moral character of our big towns.—Truly yours, "Commoh-Sense."
Cairo, April 20.
THU CAPITULATIONS.
To the Editor or the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—In your interesting leading article in yesterday’s issue on the Capitulations and their history, you conclude with the remark that the undoubted success of the modifications of the Capitulations by the establishment of the Mixed Courts in 1874 "should prevent the most conservative Europeans from taking a gloomy view of the consequences of any further modifications in the Capitulations in 190—”. As an old European resident in Egypt- I should like to give my own view on this question, which has now been placed in the arena of practical local politics by Lord Cromer’s statement that "the only solution which can produce really satisfactory results would be that the Powers should transfer to Great Britain the legislative functions which they now collectively possess.” For my part I think that few unprejudiced persons will be disposed to dispute that theoretically such a reform would be a good thing for Egypt. Intelligent native opinion would welcome it and there could not be a better instance of the "unity of opposites” than is seen by Mostapha Pasha Kamel seeing eye to eye with the British Representative in this matter. But the footer of importance in this case is not the native but the European. We possess very great privileges in virtue of the Capitulations, and we naturally ask ourselves why we should suffer such privileges to be given up because the Government consider that the present system is “wholly incompatible with the present condition of affairs in Egypt” Why should respectable Europeans lose such precious privileges as protection from arbitrary arrest and from certain forms of taxation, inviolability of domicile, etc., etc., merely because fraction of the European residents in Egypt use these advantages as clokes for gambling, smuggling, and keeping disorderly houses? I may be one of those indolent but well-meaning conservatives, "whose easy and prosperous life in a sub-tropical country has taken from them a little of their moral energy and their critical faculty,—" bat I confess that I do not consider the present system should be abolished in favor of "the creation of some local machinery which would take a part in the enactment of laws applicable to Europeans," which is, it should be noticed, the only hint of the institutions to supplant the actual system, that Lord Cromer suggests. Mr. Brunyate, in his note on the working of the Capitulations, elaborates this apparently intentionally vague remark by the statement that there are "a number of corporate, or semi-corporate, bodies already in existence, which are more or less representative of various classes of opinion.” He evidently refers to such institutions as the Alexandria Exporters’ and Importers’ Association, and the varous Chambers of Commerce. In my opinion it would be impossible to find corporate bodies more unsuitable for forming the groundwork of the “local machinery,” which Lord Cromer speaks of. They are bodies based solely on a purely selfish foundation, and are quite incapable, taken collectively, of taking wide, general views. An official of the Railway Administration, for example, informed me that when the Railway Commission went to Alexandria, Lord Farrar and his colleagues were unable to obtain any general opinions from either the Importers’ or Exporters’ Association, as these institutions confined themselves to displaying a petty jealousy of one another’s aims. In the case of the Chambers of Commerce, which are strictly national bodies, no harmony should be found among them collectively, while individually their leading members are for too busy men to take upon themselves the duties of Justice of the Peace, which would be exceptionally invidious in such cities as Cairo and Alexandria. We are then thrown back upon the Ministry of Justice! This is no doubt what it will come to in the end. But that Ministry does not fulfil one of the two guarantees which Mr. Brunyate lays down as required for the protection of the foreign community, namely: "A personnel, both judicial and administrative, ...who, for the duties they are called on to perform, shall inspire a sufficient degree of public confidence.” Now there is no Ministry which inspires, I regret to say, less confidence than the Ministry of Justice. How can it when such high poets as that of —I need not specify it — are occupied by men destitute of any professional legal training! The Mixed Courts Bar represents the most intelligent European opinion in Egypt, and they are well aware of the cases of young Englishmen, who, after a more or lees unprofessional practioe for a few years, are suddenly for no satisfactory reason made judges in the Ministry of Justice. The Blariaux case created a very unfavorable opinion among the best class of European opinion as to the independence of that Ministry over the executive. On the whole, therefore, it would be an unwise stop to entrust any powers over Europeans to that Ministry. As the Mixed Tribunals are rules out of court by Lord Cromer, who declares against the proposal to transfer criminal jurisdiction over Europeans from the Consular to the Mixed Courts, the only conclusion is that an entirely new system must be created. But in view of the violent cross currents in public opinion, the inability of the local machinery to form a groundwork, and the lack of respect entertained for the Ministry of Justice, it will be some time before any practicable scheme can be evolved. But no scheme can be considered satisfactory, which does not afford the fullest guarantees against the interference of the Executive, and therefore it is better to be content with things as they are than to sacrifice the Magna Charta of Europeans in Egypt for the convenience of the Egyptian Government.—Truly yours, "Judaeus Apella,”
Cairo, April 23.

THE SUEZ CANAL SHARES.
To The Editor of The Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—I have been greatly interested in the remarks of Mr. Frederick Greenwood on the occasion of the entertainment offered him at the Trocadero Restaurant on Saturday, the 8th instant relative to the purchase by Great Britain of the Suez Canal shares. I happened to be at Shepheard’s in Cairo at the time the transaction was consummated, and had frequent conversations with Col. Stanton, the British Agent and Consul General, upon that subject. In fact, I was considered by Col. Stanton as favoring an adverse interest.
I think Mr. Greenwood is in error as to the desire of the French Government or in foot any group of French capitalists, to acquire the shares. The opinion prevailed in France that they had already quite enough of that stock and sorely did not seek an investment which would produce no income for seventeen years.
The fact is that the real rival of the British proposal was an American group represented by Mr. Samuel Remington, of the Remington Arms Company. Mr. Remington was then stopping in Egypt and had very close business relations with Ismail Pasha. He was sailing large quantities of arms to Ismail and had contracted to build an extensive arms manufacturing plant near Cairo (for which, including a large quantity of useless machinery, the Egyptian Debt Liquidation Commission had to pay). It is quite true that the proposed sale was kept from the knowledge of Colonel Stanton until under instructions by Lord Derby he went to the Khedive and bluntly asked "Is it true that you are engaged in negotiations for the sale of your shares?" Ismail did not wish them to go to England, and at first he had broached the subject to Lesseps for a sale to French financiers. At the time he offered them to Mr. Remington and actually came very near passing them to the Amerioan syndicate.
I had frequent conversations with Mr. Remington on the progress of his negotiations, they had gone so for as to secure the pledge by cable of the necessary four millions, but the funds were not forthcoming; the group in Paris (there were contributors in New York, London, and Paris, mainly through American banking houses) made default. Col. Stanton knew of this and told me he hoped to get his authority before Remington could "repair his breach.” Hundreds of pounds were expended by Remington in cabling to London, Paris, and New York, and he was anxiously awaiting responses when CoL Stanton came to me manifesting great excitement, waving a telegram and declaring "I have got it, the victory is mine.” Although quite late in the evening he left at once for Abdeen Palace.
Mr. Remington, greatly chagrined, acknowledged himself defeated. The next day he told me he could have accomplished the purchase. CoL Stanton was only a few hoars in advance!
Ismail sold to England as a dernier retort. He was, as Lord Derby declared, “very hard up.” He wanted money for his proposed “Abyssinian conquest” (1) and he gladly took the proffered cash, although he had schemed to sell out to the American.
I do not think Mr. Greenwood is quite correct in intimating that Col. Stanton was in disgrace for his ignorance of Ismail's secret negotiations to sell, for Cl. Stanton showed me telegrams of thanks and congratulation from London, and if I mistake not, instead of bring "quietly removed from his post and retired to some consulate on the Black Sea,” he became British Minister at Munich and received all appropriate honors.
G. S. B.
Ramleh, April 22.

THE EXCAVATIONS OF MR. THEODORE DAVIS.
To the Editor of the Egyptian Gazette.
Sir,—May I ask you to correct the prevalent coufusion of Mr. Theodore Davis, the lucky discoverer of the tomb of Yuaa and Thusa at Thebes, with myself. I let the error pass so long as it was confined to personal acquaintances and the casual public. But, having become aware that my name has been associated with the discovery in the editorial of a prominent Australian newspaper, I feel it due to Mr. Davis to give the curiosity of the world a proper orientation. I have, of course, requested the paper in question to correct its announcement.
There are those who may see in the attention which the public has bestowed on this find, a proof of its enlightened interest in historical research. I am not so optimistic. Mr. Davis has been most fortunate, and the tourist will talk of it till his steamer leaves, and even afterwards. But when Mr. Davis has really earned, as he earned last year, the thanks of the world, by producing a volume containing adequate representations of the beautiful objects found, with a description of the intact burial, and an estimate of its archeological and historical value by the professional gentlemen who supervised the excavations, I hope that it will recieve due recognition. If not, he will probably appreciate the intelligent gratitude of the few more than the envious congratulations of the many who find their very human instincts for treasure-hunting sanctified by a thin veneer of respect for science and the long history of man.
I beg to tander my own thanks to him in advance, and remain.—Yours respectfully,
N. De Garis Davies.
The Tombs of Hagg Quandil, April 20.

WINDSOR HOTEL
Largest 1st class and most comfortable Hotel In Alexandria. Facing the sea Central position. Under English Management.

Cheap Prepaid Advertisements
Under this heading advertisements are inserted at the following rates:-
ONCE 3 TIMES 6 TIMES
15 words . . . P.T.	5	P.T. 10	   P.T.	15
30 words ...	„	3	„	16	„	24
Every 10 words
beyond 30. . . / ”	2	"	4	"	6
The address is counted. The advertisement must appear on consecutive days for above rates to be obtained. 50% extra is charged for advertisements not appearing consecutively.
All such advertisements most be prepaid, and to this role no exception whatever will be made. Letters in reply to advertisements will he posted to any address if a few stamps are sent by the advertiser to cover postage.

AGARD'S INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES AND TRADE MARKS REGISTER.- A useful buisness directory containing addresses of all important business firms of Great Britian the Continent, and Egypt. Circulating all over Europe and America. Post- One pount Berling. Post Free. 
AGARD'S INTERNATIONAL HOTEL GUIDE sent post free to all first class Hotels throughout Europe, America, the Colonies and Egypt. The best reference book for travellers. 

ADVERTISING AGENTS.—The best public Advertising sites in Alexandria belong to G. Vestri & Co., Advt Agents, St. Catherine's Square. Special rates for permanent clients. Moderate terms. Prompt despatch. 25642-31-12-906

APPLY for French, Italian, Arabic, German, to the Berlitz Schools, Alexandria (26, Rue de l'Eglise Copte) ; Cairo Sharia Kamfel), Most rapid method Trial lesson free. Evening classes at Alexandria, P.T. 60 per month.

A BARGAIN FOR SALE — Encyclopedia Britannica in latest edition, including NEW Volumes, clothbound, with revolving oak case; valued £67/10, offered for £38 cash or £45 on terms. Apply, E.A.S., Poste Restante, Cairo.	26808 6-4

ARE YOU FURNISHING! If so, see list of Bargains in elegant Household furniture and fittings, the property of a gentleman proceeding on leave. Apply early, E. A. S. Poete Restante, Cairo.	25887-6-1

GOVERNESSES or lady's maids in want of situations may apply to Mary Lambertini’s offices, Rue Cesar, 2, Knolls Miani, Alexandria.	258196-2

GENTLEMAN, of great commercial experience London and Continent, thorough knowledge English, Arabic, German, Greek, and c, desires position of trust. No objection any part of Egypt or Sudan. Secretory, Agent or Commercial Traveller preferred. Highest references and testimonials. Address, No. 25,790, "Egyptian Gazette" office. 26790-6-6

HOUSE TO LET, Ramleh, from July; close to sea ; 3 sitting-rooms ; 6 bedrooms ; bathroom; hot and cold water; stabling for three; large garden. Apply, No. 25,813, "Egyptian Gazette" office.	26813-6-3

LORD CROMER'S REPORT.-Copies can be obtained of Borman & Co., Cherif Pasha-Street, price P.T. 6 per copy. 268266-2

MURSB or Bonne wanted, to take charge of IV infant One who would be prepared to go to Europe preferred. Apply Mis. Craig, Mata-rieh.	25827-8-2.
TUB. J. P. BERNARD, the great Fronoh inventor of numerous medical products for the cure of almost every chronio disease, has arrived at Alexandria and will reoeive patients free from 8 to 9 am. every day except Sunday, at 26, rue Salah el Dine et Cheickh Aly el Lewi, Immeuble Ahmed Yawidn	6-8
D ESIDENCR—Wanted gentleman to share il comfortable NORTH apartment on river bank near MUSEUM: Rleotrio light; or wookl let- famished tor SUMMER months. Apply, R-AA, Paste Restante., Cairo. 25809-64
CANDY MACDONALD, the famous 10 0 yean old Scotch Whisky, oan be obtained at the Khedivial Opera House Buffet daring the Band man n Opera Season. 258294-2
TO LET, at Ibrahimieh (Ramleh), S minutes 1 from the station, for the snmmer season, a Furnished House of 7 rooms and a lame garden in good oondi lion. Special terms for English fomiiW Apply, No. 25,802, “Egyptian Gazette” offices.	|	25802-6-3
rro LET, famished, for summer, Villa, 6 rooms, eto, garden, excedent situation. Address, Bohilizzi, Ibrahimieh. 257966-5
TO BE LET to the snmmer a well-famished House situated in the Boulevard Ramleh, facing , the sea and oloee to the Ramleh station;) containing 8 rooms, bathroom, etc., and teley phone. For frill particulars, address H. J. L., Khedivial Club, Alexandria.	25835-61
jsTilNTED immediately a reliable Book-keeper; Vf mast know thoroughly English and French. One wh? oan typewrite preferred. Address,
No. 25,886, offioe of the "Egyptian Gazette”.
,	 258863-1
TXT ANTED a Book-keeper; must know Eng-77	lish and Arabia Apply, stating experience
and salary required, to No. 26,788, "Egyptian Gazette'' offioe.	2578666
VOUNG ENGLISH WOMAN desires angsge-1 ment ss Resident Governess in Alexandria or Ramleh. Apply, No, 85,818, "Egyp-
DAIS
BRYAN
&Co.
donlmntalHotefBiiildiiigs.
CAIRO,
St. David’s'Buildings,
ALEXANDRIA,
and 35 - 37 Bobie
IjONtJON", E.O.
English Tailors Drapers and Outfitters.
Beg respectftilly;to announce that 'they have received their various stocks in the latest styles suitable for the present Season.
emm
A large assortment of Blacks, Bines, Scotch, Irish & Harris TweCds. All garments cut by experienced English Cutters, fit and style guaranteed.	(
A varied stock of Ladies’ Blouses, Boas, Skirts, Belts, &c..
Careful attention is paid to Ladies'outfits suitable for Town up the Mk.
geSts’
OUTFITTING:
Thelatest noveltiesinTies, Collars, Shirts, Gloves, &a Hosiery in all the newest
a speciality). \
W$ are alno making a specialJdMglay in the Drapery Department, oofcv Bisting of Household Linen, Blankets, Calicoes, Bider-down Quilts, Cushions,&c.,&o., whioh are marked at snch figures aa to oomipand attention.
Boots & Shoes in the latest shapes, Bags, Trunks & all Leather goods in great variety. __
Also a large assorted supply of the following articles
HATS,/CAPS, UMBRELLAS,
WA iMINQ-STICKS, RUQ8, STUDS, BRUSHES AND ALL TOILET REQUISITES, dC.
Davies Bryan & Co.
Gabo ft Atenadife,